======== SAMPLE 1 ========
wte

with a black eyebrow and a wry frown.

"You believe that Insua's program will withstand the blows of time?"

asked Palafox.

"Certainly. Is it not marvelous that Atalast, after so many insults,

had allowed himself to be cast from the race?"

Palafox shook his head solemnly. "He might have succeeded in quelling

the tide of bad blood, but his action was unforgivable!"

"What is the consequence to this forefatherless series of follies?"

"I will not discuss the actual cause."

The Aiellos depart the ship. The Myrmidons--then alone they were

and there was a strong sense of vindictiveness in the absenteeism

of the the underachiever groups.

The lack of interest in the affairs of the ship overran,

cavalry subordinating itself to the greater good. As a result, the

cavalry of last resort was assigned to several neutral ports. This

was done to certain death by the rain but also by the wind. The rain was fierce and

caused a perpetual mist to fill the sky.

The lack of female representatives further disturbed the morale of the

warships. The captain of the

Mercantil, Gian Firanu, a suave youth with piercing eyes, pointed out

every available shore on Pao. Forgive his ambiguous words, who knew then

that Firanu might act against his will?

In the hours and days that followed, the Batch learned of just such an episode

in the language of Breakness. He spoke only the Paonese accent, avoiding

Paonese epithets. He gave no other detail of the day than went

to the] worst place on Breakness. No one spoke a word on

Pao for the first time in twenty-four went to the Infinite Brumbo

Institute, no talk of Paonese. No one spoke a word on

Breakness. The only thing that seemed to change was the routine of basic

work. Lunch was hot cakes of guaranteed supply, a custom with which

Aiello no longer associated.

One month remained, then a week, and the door fell. Beran fell behind.

They trudged along the rim of the cobbles, and arrived at the first

building now called the Institute.

Down the slope they walked, rocking on the rough ground. The last dormitory building

was this morning, in a crumbly block party house, the first women

served the male ministers exclusively, and the oldest Paonese here was buried

in solitude.

At the end of an elevated walkhouse, a dozen black and brown

sisters waned in stilettos, to be wadded and colored by the hot

winter wind. The women of the Institute worked night and day, like

sharks on a blooming day. At one time this was the majority of the

Institute, with a few exceptions. The women worked from dawn to

four in the morning and from three to eight at night. Patriotism was one of

the few ideals permitted under the Paonese education. Sweating rose

on the floor at the feet of the sleeping women, who tasted nothing

of the fruitless march through the fields.

The women worked without slinkiness or gusto, in tight formation like

squads, and could be expected to do so no

restriction. There was no violence, no give run, no pressure on the threads of

The Women of Pao: independent, agents of the Nation. They could not kill, but

defensively and with impunity. This was the basic rule of Pao

that whoever did so must be dealt with as a person deserving of

justice. The women of the Institute were one such person. They took pride in

their distinction and wore it in the finest possible uniform. Even the

superior officers wore plate and rank insignia.

The women of the Institute were alert and comprador; their

pigmentation pale skin and large eyes glared from all directions.

Everywhere on the way down they encountered some Paonese warrior or neutral

detectionist, and passed them over their shoulders until they stood

only ten feet apart.

The warrior or neutraldetectionist puzzled them by directing them to a

place on the floor opposite the missionary. He spoke in the Paonese

medium of choices, and where he referred to those on Pao who could offer

solution.

The warrior or neutraldetectionist
