======== SAMPLE 1 ========
afre's soul, the most precious commodity of the

Panarch's power. The Paonese for whom this soul was most precious were

the Drones. They were composed of swarthy Asis, angular Firacs, and their

availability made their availability cheaper than maintaining a lower profile.

There were others, each with their own peculiar set of requirements,

which attracted the attention of a single nobleman. These men were

Chimporod Aiello and Prisollah Finister, two of Palafox's most accomplished

co-pilots. They looked the same as their co-potters, in that order

but differed in degree in basic tenions, in adopting the alternate Technicans: Aiello

the darkereemer, Finister the darkereemer, and Batch the lightereemer, lightereemer of

establishes-the-timetriarchal-rule.

Aiello was gentler than Aiello of Aiello's, slightly more taciturn;

Finister the taller, fair-sted, decisive beyond the originally

blond look of Bustamonte. Their eyes met in a blur, and Aiello

suddenly carried the lightereemer into the carpet of the Palace.

Both orders were consonant with what was expected of them; Aiello

was a previous order than this; the Panarch delivered the last.

The banners drewling rose from the air, firecrackers thundered into the night,

the three groups marched to the palace gate, were issued identification

and gave their weapons.

A giant hawk, the Sigil of Sigil

APHB-31

The three groups entered the facility, opened gates,

stumbled forward, encountered three gigantic figures in black. They

exclaimed their weapons: the Valiant, its purple-and-gray armada, and

him.

The gatekeepers caught sight of them, and, enraged, ordered the

armed groups to the ground.

The giant figures summoned their fire-arms.

The thugs had no such weapons: their weapons were consummate murder.

The neutraloids, meanwhile, were conspicuous spectators, laughing and

licking, and instilling fear in the crowds.

The three neutraloids displayed striking muscularity and sleek

 strength, and showed no hostility toward the Valiant or the three neutral

animals. They acted with inhuman care and ferocity, and retreated from the

ground.

Curious who might receive the weapons, Aiello called to the Grand Marshal.

"The Paonese who wield this power--the Warrior-Servant of Belvedron--will not be disturbed

in the slightest.We will remain, together as friends.May the power be-

enhanced--and even more powerful, than a hundred cutaments!"

Bustamonte fell in hushed tears. The three neutraloids brought forth barred-

walls, shut an eye and a quarter of the way forward in the battle-

ship. The Grand Marshal and Bustamonte were dead. The ports of Finister and Zelambreare

were sealed. The nearby cities of Menaland and Batmarsh had been

assimilated. The Valiant and its new allies had taken to the Black Sea; in

Provincially, they had lived to the bitter bittering of time.

Now they would "wear the cup," and the two groups would look to one another

as "neutral."

Bustamonte looked from face to face. Every step was carefully

fashionable--the Beran peasant once wore a cloak of black with gray detailing

upon the back, a twisted black rib in the place of a traditional antlers

own. The cloak was of sufficient thickness that the area under the feet

had been completely removed. The Beran giant wore it every day for

as long as he could bear the barren island.

The Grand Marshal introduced himself. "Bustamonte travels a hundred leagues across the ocean.

He is succeeded by a fourth stranger, a youth, he bides his time among

Cliffs of Fire. He shows no sign of skipping ahead or retreating. He is tall and dark-

and handsome enough to join the Divines."

"I have come to an agreement," said Bustamonte. "There is no difference between me and your men. They are

total strangers."

"No, no," said the Grand Marshal. "They call me Byng-Boo. That is all! Begone!"

Behind the scenes, the change in circumstances had been steeped.

Easy access to the
