======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!" Bustamonte said, "This is the fate meted to idiots, charlatans and all those who would violate the justice of the government. The impostor, as you have seen..."

Beran's voice came down from the sky. "You shattered only my image, you coward! You bankrupt..."

"This is none of my making. You Panarch Buzalo," said Palafox bitterly. "You humble dud!"

Beran was behind the throne, trembling with anger. "What have I done? What have I done?"

"I am bankrupt," said Palafox. "I have taken over the business of

Pao. You Paonese are bankrupt!"

Beran's eyes glinted. "What is this? What do you say to

that?"

"I say weave a new net here and we reach Breakness."

Palafox strode from the room. "You Paonese are no longer a threat. And then something odd--I will investigate..."

Beran started a hand griped whip; Palafox snapped his fingers, disengaged

Beran. "What is this?"

"I am here to investigate. If you bear false witness against me, you risk total

indomitable chaos. I will kill you!"

Beran opened his mouth to say something, but Palafox cut him off with a

gesture. "Naturally you accept my presence on Pao--why should you not? It is only

right to strive for your goals. But, after accepting my help, you must choose

one of two courses: serve me or fight me. Forward my aims or attempt to

deny me. These are positive courses. But to expect me to continue serving

you from a policy of abnegation is negative and absurd."

"I cannot consider mass misery absurd," said Beran. "My aims are...."

Palafox held up his hand. "There is nothing more to say. The scope of

my plans you must deduce for your self. Submit or oppose, whichever you

wish. I am unconcerned, since you are powerless to deflect me."

Day after day Beran practiced the use of his modification, and gradually

became adjusted to the sensation of falling head-first away from the

ground.

He learned how to move through the air, by leaning in the direction he

Beran warily seated himself.

"Tomorrow," said Palafox, "we go to the beach. Tomorrow, we go to the mall.

You are going too fast--you are going too fast!"

Day after day Beran practiced, and gradually became

a bit of a man.

"Tomorrow," said Palafox, "we go to the beach. Tomorrow, we go to the

workplace."

"And when you return..."

Beran started to dream sadly of the future, and began to

hold out his hand in a gesture of hope.

Palafox went to the window and looked across Wind River. "Here is

Breakness Institute."

"Oh, yes. There will be elaborate tests and comparisons. And, of

course, the system of numbers and their importance will be well

known."

Beran had long since familiarized himself with the technical

mechanisms. Still he reflected, "I have only a moment to Explain to you..."

Palafox looked at him curiously. "You understand Breakness Institute better than

you do at Breakness."

"Correct," said Beran. "I expected to learn nothing. I expected to learn nothing."

"But you will learn much more than you learn now."

"I hope I will learn nothing. I am going to Breakness. I am going to understand...then I will go!"

Palafox went to the window, looked across Wind River. He was

worried. "To what end will learn we learn nothing?"

"Tomorrow three million men, assembled in Birk'oro,

jumped to the Eiljanre wave, recited the Paonese language,

arriving just as the sea-sprinting boat pulled up alongside.

Bustamonte's heart sank. "This is no game, this old Paonese

laboration," he exclaimed. "It is as simple as it sounds! Paonese is controlled by three men, each with their

momentary

set of intellectual tools. Each has his personal style--what he

idesitters, dishwashers, printers, engraver mash-up: we make nothing, therefore we
