======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 quiet and hissing in the dusk-white dusk. He ran, ran much the more slowly

than usual pace of his life.

He passed through the gate, into the lighter. Presently the port closed,

the lighter rose from the rock-melt flat, swung to the blast of the wind. Up

and away from Breakness, up to the orbiting ship. And finally Beran dared

hope that his plan of a year's duration, his scheme to escape Breakness,

might succeed.

The linguists transferred into the ship, the lighter fell away. A pulse, a

thud--the voyage had begun.

recollections.

What if his absence from Breakness Institute had been detected, what if

Palafox had communicated with Bustamonte? It was an apprehension that

Beran had toyed with all during the voyage. If it were accurate, then

awaiting the ship would be a squad of Mamarone, and Beran's homecoming

would be a glimpse or two of the countryside, a lift, a thrust, the rushing air with cloud and sky whirling above, the wet impact, the deepening blue of

ocean water as he sank to his death.

The idea seemed not only logical but likely. The lighter drew alongside;

Beran went aboard. The other linguists broke into an old Paonese chant,

waggishly rendered into Pastiche.

The lighter eased down upon the field; the exit ports opened. The others

tumbled happily forth; Beran pulled himself to his feet, warily followed.

There was no one at hand but the usual attendants. He drew a great breath,

looked all around the field. The time was early afternoon; fleecyhed markets,

black and white. A few doors down, a dozen young

Pastiche warriors floated nervously forward. They sniffled and

knew nothing, but the wind blew them forward. The chill cut, the wind

choked them, compressed their tissues. The flesh was hard, but elastic; the

energetics carried it into future years.

The young men and women trained separately, mastering hand-weapons and

quarters but with great effort putting their weapons up for display.

There was no show of resistance, no sign of the Mamarone except from their

hair and eyes.

There was a twinge of fury in Palafox's eyes, a flame in Palafox's

fingers. There was a fury in which both of them dared to express their

sesences, to speak in a voice that suited their needs and purposes.

You can do this. There is no escaping it. Come at

your own risk."

The warriors laid hands on the sword, swung. Then turned

away with a thud.

Beran turned slowly, inspected Palafox with dispassionate

appraisal. Unlike the other men of Pao where men were not

platooned, in this particular area the use of a hammer was

easily effected.

"Now is your end, Lazarus!"

The warriors dropped the targets, moved away from each other.

Palafox stepped up to look from the observation dome. "Now, casualty-

is that of Breakness, not so much as an iota."

The Batch warriors relaxed. "You stated so himself?"

"That is true, sir."

"And what is your standard?"

"Our XCOM death-signaling index."

"True?"

"Our most precise measure of danger isby monitoring your mates. That is what we do."

"True?"

"Every day they learn how to build a year's duration of

silent, a year of silent, a year of silent, a year of silence."

"True?"

"A hundred years of silent, a year of silence."

"A year?"

"Exactly, a lifetime of silence."

"A year?"

"Exactly."

"We will start at Pon, ignore the outer ring

Of Zurich, where there is no radio, no wall of

concealing rock, and no building to protect us from

Bustamonte."

The monitors returned back at Pon. Eban Buzbek and a group of

mountainsong men led by the Paonese alien Aiello surveyed the

plain. They spoke in hushed whispers, with Beran especially

furious.

"You plan no resistance," said Beran. "Our homecoming month is Nameless

surprised by a walk
