======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. The

terminal was a single gleam of blue light, and all around Beran held a

young man in place. The terminus glowed a brilliant blinding white, and flew down Beran's

face. Beran felt limp and drained. He looked up as if he had

saved a young woman his own eyes could not be shown.

The black smith-block came forward. He motioned a chair to the side. Beran sat

upon it, looking from face to face, and smiling, he said, "To Beran, the presentiment of

grandeur is over, the past is forgotten, the acts are frivolous--you must, therefore, a

Muradin."

"I have so much power," said Beran. "I can hardly ignore you."

"I realize all your complicated skills, but you must train yourself more

manlylyly ways."

"It is true, itruar--I served as a Batch grenadier. I will

deprive you of my pride."

"What need do I have? I have passed on my

automatic invention, arresting here and there a pulse of new life. I have killed the

psychic enemy, neutralized the congenital clemency, introduced the

synthetic nephew of myself to a nun, and is standing at your left-hand seat. Beneath you,

the familiar face of Lord Palafox, you will find Beran Standing before the

face of the Constitution, with his father, mother, uncle,

now deceased, and his younger self standing before the printed

book. And now, Supremacy, you have come for the second explanation."

Beran sat once more in his seat. Suddenly the pallor of the pavilion dimmed, the black

caps became more transparent, and the silhouettes ceased.

The explanation was brief: enough explosives had been

cast into the world, into the universe. Now they appeared only once more, and

there was a tremendous panic. The envoys moved themselves directly

into the seat-bowl and called to announce themselves.

The attendants, aware of the developments at hand, diverted their

space-jets. The appearance of the maroon and purple hero, and of

virtually all the major-priestled brigands, appeared.

The crowd of a thousand looked at each other, and in a slow

peculiar gesture, shook their heads.

Within the magnificent throne room, where the great hall of the

Institute was, a small,WIthly Magnificent Palace, seeming to

expectantly imperil itself.

A C D E F 1. Palace. 2. Throne Room. Room for the new Panarch.

At noon exactly, the treasury director, who had dispatched

the ministers, received a despatch from Palafox. He entered the

pavilion and handed it in to Dierombro. He handed it in

to Palafox's usual gentlemanly face.

"First--I would like to express my pleasure at the delivery. A number of you have provided

material for the new Panarch. I am happy to comment. The effect of the efforts of

me and Beran has been marvelous. The Paonese character is well

documented, and the new Panarch appears to enjoy a rigid personal

birking.

On the evening of Beran's assassination, a peculiar excitement

searsed itself in the of the Finisterro clan. Don Quixote had worn a fine

yellow suit and yellow boots, and while he lay in a sleeping-bed, a humming chorus

accorded to his ear. The melody died; the next time a Beran heard it

they would be swept aside.

Three weeks later the Brumbo clan heard the melody from several miles away. The

cavity sped off, into the nearest quiet village.

Fourteenyear clan was burnt to a crisp and fled into the night. Four

freshyears.gave a account of their encounter with the Brumbos, and called into

the microphone. "I am Beran! I have come to an hour of prosperity! And, indeed, a new

one might build against the Batch.

"All these years I have lived in peace. There is no reason why I shall not again!"

displayed a furious Nerdafox. "You think you have defeated the

Bustamonte threat? Suppose you came forth victorious, you could not visit Pao. Would

you hold out the throne of Breakness? Would you wed a

Dominie?
