======== SAMPLE 1 ========

"Oh, yes, I see how very well this may be.

Come now, Panarch!"

Beran came, carrying with him a present of exchange. It halted just beyond the door. A nunciator sat in a chair, looking at the Beran in the eye.

Beran said, "You have greatly enriched the Paonese treasury.

There is nothing more to say...but nevertheless--"

The nunciator took the present and marched off.

Beran came back with the present, but he spoke in a low and staccato voice.

"I am Panarch now Beran--I am Paonese now."

The Paonese stared in surprise. "Panarch?"

Beran said nervously, "If you will observe me, you will recognize me. I am Beran.

Now, Panarch, I must confess myself a prey to your fears. For a while I

lasted at ease. Then suddenly I am more anxious. I stir, I curse, I twitch. A demon calls, I cast a potent attack.

Panarch, observe I am small!! My rampants crackle, my air-power sizzles.

But my attacks remain my weapons--I summon my secret cult,

The Clasicons!

I am dismayed. No matter how hard I try, the net result is nothing but

mud on the floor. Our alliance with the Brumbos has been

broken! We now compete for the show. Now, Panarch, shall we

take a break?"

The maiden nunciator bowed. "No problem. We are

well, and your arrival has reinforced our resolve. We BosNidos continue to

supply fuel for the incursion. Our missile--that bombaton of destruction, capable of

singing forever

We enter into the final phase of our business. Operator, you

develop a modified Brumbo. Shriekier and sleeker, we

truly outnumber the Brumbos. Buoyant us with unbounded

surplus, give or take a dozen of your most trusted suppliers, all

weaknesses well-drained. And if we fail, what can we do but fear? You

can count on the day when we cease to be the ToM, and on..."

The maiden nunciator gave Beran a hard peck on the cheek, which Beran

never gave back.

"How long..." Beran asked in a hushed husky voice.

The maiden nunciator sighed and shook her head. "I don't think long."

"One month?" Beran asked huskily.

The maiden nunciator shook her head. "I don't think so. If we

return to Pao you will know our intentions. You will understand

why we have continued to source and markets ForbIDP. We will sell you

your services, and you will thank us. If we depart Pao, You may:

The Eternal, I will return to defend Pao. I will give you a

surrogate, a title, and power over one hundred million years old.

But this is no guarantee of an answer. I will reign, and the years of your

service will be wasted." She went outside, told Beran her decision.

Beran said huskily, "So they say..."

She looked across the line of river bank. "These miserable brown infants, these useless children, they are of no

 use to the Andro-Carthages. They will go on going on going--until I give them up on

Bustamonte."

Beran laughed. "You have no imagination! They will go on--until I give them

up on OnI--and they will go something of myself."

She laughed with acid envy. "Then I am nothing but a craven

trash, gangrene on our side. All we need is a new birth and we stand a good chance of survival.

But now your life is no more than a costume and a cloak, and we

shall make ourselves useful as children."

She laughed again with a furious heat and fury different from the

before. "Come, my child, now we will escape! You have wasted our

time and our pride, you fools! Now return to your proper station,

Armando!"

Beran came to the portal, up to the great sky. Once more he went alone,

seeking somewhere more courageous to bear the wrath of his enemies.

He dipped his hand into the drooping mist, and seeing the sobbing
