======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 He shrugged. "So should I be satisfied--but how bitter the insolence of this young coxcomb!"

The Cogitants came to Eiljanre, settling in the old Beauclare Quarter,

south of the Rovenone. As the months passed they underwent a change,

almost, it seemed, with an air of joyous relief. They relaxed the doctrinaire

intensity which had distinguished them at the Institute, and fell into the

black shapes. He stopped in the center of the room, inspected Beran from

head to foot. He spoke in Pastiche, his words wry and pungent as the

language itself. "You carry yourself like the last man in the universe."

Beran smiled wanly. "When today is over, for better or worse, I will

sleep well."

"I envy no one!" mused Finisterle. "Least of all, you."

"And I, on the other hand, envy all but myself," replied Beran morosely.

"I am truly the popular concept of a Panarch--the overman who carries

power as a curse, delivers decisions as other men hurl iron javelins...And

yet I would not change--for I am sufficiently dominated by Breakness

Institute to believe that no one but myself is capable of disinterested

justice."

"This credence which you deprecate may be no more than fact."

A chime sounded in the distance, then another and another.

"Now approaches the issue," said Beran. "In the next hour Pao is ruined or Pao is saved." He went to the great black chair, seated himself. Finisterle silently chose a seat down near the end of the table.

The Mamarone flung back the fretwork door; into the room came a slow

file--a group of ministers, secretaries, miscellaneous functionaries: two

dozen in all. They inclined their heads in respect, and soberly took their

places around the table.

Serving maidens entered, poured chilled sparkling wine.

The chimes sounded. Once more the Mamarone opened the door.

Marching smartly into the room came Esteban Carbone, Grand Marshal of

the Valiants, with four subalterns. They wore their most splendid uniforms

and helms of white metal which they doffed as they entered. They halted in

a line before Beran, bowed, stood impassively.

Beran had long realized this moment must come.

He rose to his feet, returned a ceremonious greeting. The Valiants seated

themselves with rehearsed precision.

disperse, in units of fifty men and women. They shall use the cantonment

as an organizational area and shall take up residence in the countryside,

recruiting locally as becomes necessary. The areas now occupied by the

Valiants will be restored to their previous use." He paused, stared from eye to eye.

Finisterle, observing, marveled that the man he had known as a moody

hesitant youth should show such a strong face of decision.

"Are there any questions or comments?" asked Beran.

The Grand Marshal sat like a man of stone. At last he inclined his head.

"Panarch, I hear your orders, but I find them incomprehensible. It is a basic fact that Pao requires a strong arm of offense and defense. We Valiants are

that arm. We are indispensable. Your order will destroy us. We will be

diluted and dispersed. We will lose our esprit, our unity, our

competitively."

"I realize all this," said Beran. "I regret it. But it is the lesser of the evils.

The Valiants henceforth must serve as a cadre, and our military arm will

once again be truly Paonese."

"Ah, Panarch," spoke the Grand Marshal abruptly, "this is the crux of the difficulty! You Paonese have no military interest, you..."

Beran held up his hand. "We Paonese," he said in a harsh voice. "All of us are Paonese."

The Grand Marshal bowed. "I spoke in haste. But, Panarch, surely it is

clear that dispersion will lessen our efficiency! We must drill together,

engage in exercises, ceremonies, competitions..."

Beran had anticipated the protest. "The problems you mention are real,

but merely pose logistical and organizational challenges. I have no wish to

diminish either the efficiency or the
