======== SAMPLE 1 ========
antant, Palafox, were standing in the

open doorway, surveying the gray buildings below. Four large

warships loomed, charged against the black hull. The ridersheds dropped

freely into the dark hall, unobtrusively reflecting the noon sun.

The Myrmidons marched after the cup, but without openly awarding medals

to Any Other Class. These women served as spies and concealed secret

commander's pay.

The cup was presently dispensed with and the Myrmidons out-hopped

them in the public square.

Bustamonte closed the wide hatch to the building, stepped out upon

the Myrmidons. He entered the hall behind the hallope. There

was a first-class lounge, with a telescreen in the ceiling. Then a large

glittering panorama, then a night.

Beran fell asleep for the next hour or two, aware from

some distance that something was amiss.

The next day Beran was again caught in the crappery effects of

masturbation. He


Bustamonte awoke to a standing oar. Bustamonte's

face boiled with sweat. "This is Fanchiel," he said.

Fanchiel, the printed word of Palafox. "Is this the take-no-prisonering of

the young man?"

"No," said Beran. "You carried Bustamonte to the dormitory of

the Week. You are now free. Take him to the Grand

Lantern, and you shall be well--for himself."

Beran took the bus back to Eiljanre. Palafox was silent, determined to

determine what had occurred.

Beran went back to Eiljanre carrying with him the letter from the

Templar describing the appearance of a black sun at the center of the

planet Prunedness.

He returned to Eiljanre carrying the letter from the Grand Marshal.

Palafox flew to the last available moons: D-Day, referring to the yet-unspecified

unforeseen day Braga Kubra lay in Utter Black.

"The Batchs are directing the planned destruction in question, and require additional

cooperation from the Interpreter Corps."

"And how will you compensate for the destruction done to you?"

"Prevent this from coming to harm."

"We will do nothing except acknowledge your presence."

"We will acknowledge your presence, and surely you will take action against those who meddle with our affairs."

"I assure Your Supremacy that I have no wish to recognize..."

Palafox laughed. "You have no duty to recognize is offer which fails to fulfill your interests. It is an imprecator and his

deal is made with the dealer in debtor's garments. Would You Rather

It was a

contractually severed

deal."

Beran sat listening in vague wonder.

"I have no reason to doubt Your Supremacy."

"It is a fact that in the arranged transaction you arrange the

consultation of two dozen world leaders. This consults many, many a, many times

it is made known to you of the scope of the bargain. And the fact is, again, the

deal is made, and no act is less."

"I hope you have not overlooked one point. When you and I agree to a

consultancy, we pay no registration fee. We also make no

duties or gratuitous niggles."

"I acknowledge that we agree upon a number of matters."

"I am satisfied that you are fulfilling your obligations to me."

Palafox laughed shortly. "The irregularities in your secret

laboratory during my time at the Institute are sufficiently

evocative of my political attitudes to require the assent of the

aboriginaloids."

Beran laughed again. "In any case, the manner of your return is no

surprise. You were already in the public square, directly across the

terminal from where you came, and his eyes did not flicker. He was

emotionally complicated; his facial structure was patterned after that of a

Palafox. Due process was afoot, and there was no room for sentimentalism.

Beran returned to the terminal with Fanchiel, who was now in his

fifties,illa years. He greeted Beran outside the door. "Come along."

Beran took Beran's seat on the bottom bunk of the ship.

Fanch
