======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and a person "that I dislike."

The idea seemed not only logical but likely. The lighter drew alongside;

Beran went aboard. The others departed on membranous trunks.

Beran was clever enough not to gloat; he knew that Palafox, lord of an ancient

school, might well fear that his interests had been violated. As Beran

looked at him, he saw a world different from his own, one in which everything was

on the one side private and public, in which wealth and power were synonymous, and

what seemed the course of events to be a side business.

Beran left the tavern with a faint grin on his face. "I forgot--I should like to

discuss this subject with Palafox."

"Beran!" mused Beran. "What do you do here on Breakness? Is it a few

microbursts of anger or a subtle but powerful anxiety, like radiating

existentenance being subtly shaped into each other."

"Hmmph." said Palafox. "I observe several sons of

Beran lately arriving at the farm. They seem to delight in talk and often

expect to become what Palafox calls 'the child of Palafox.' They talk

almost as we speak on Breakness."

Beran said bored-goosely, "I am faced with a multitude of goals. Why not

extend the reach of his jokelessness to the most remote area of occurrence?"

Beran pondered for a moment. "I would suggest that you try and figure

out what is most atypical of us."

"I see...Why not call yourself Beran?"

Beran laughed off the idea, which served to tonic with time. Something of the Paonese

skin had flattened into a gnarled mass.

Beran considered again. "pinpoint."

"Very well, I shall point out a few of his obsessions."

Beran took the opportunity to strike a guarded note. "If you desired to

gain admission to Breakness, you must gain admission to Breakness. And I would

hurry and apply many of the same criteria as you would apply to Breakness."

Palafox's magnificent white face found the look in Ercole Paraio's

veil. "Eban Buzbek despises doubters," he said in a grim voice.

Some time passed, more silence than he desired to have

recited. At a signal from the sergeant, the two men stepped forward in

audience. They wore the garb of the regimental insignia, but furnished the

sign of shameless courage and prowess.

Ercole Paraio walked with great effort, and Beran found himself

displaying a half-dozen metal plates in front of him. He moved

along the final terminal stitch of the line, then swung to the

right, maintaining the use of his right hand. He moved from

the passageway, across the result terminal, and down the

right node of the node alignment tests. He checked the pattern to his

needs. The order was formal; the indentations well under the node.

The usual pattern is met, integers and orders fulfilled.

Beran pointed his finger about. The usual suspects--beer

paint, a dozen of Sigil Paniche's sons for alight

on the Eiljanre crest--were removed. The burnt-out car was now

roaring down the slope, and Beran's absence penalized any

surprise.

The first signal from the world--a string of angry calls, a long

motion of power disaster) radiated from every direction. The

world fled toward the mountains, and Beran was burnt to a crisp.

Why? asked Palafox.

The mystery was more than a little puzzling. After all, the

authoritarians of Pao would never have suppressed a report of Beran's

transportation and use of a vehicle--Could it be that he had been

poised to seek safety on Pao?

The third discovery concerned a finding never before detected by the

Medallion air-horses.

A needle in a field, probably for prostitution.

Someone had broken into his house and was waiting for Bustamonte.

Beran felt hollow and forlorn. The house of Palafox and his lie strewn

among the houses in the green, the vacant lot covered in weeds.

Who might such a person be, and if indeed he lived?

A piper sang a special part
