======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s. She made no other show of emotion.

Beran sat quiet, his heart too full for words. At last he inclined his head.

"Many a time I have wondered...Why not return to Pao?" He spoke politely.

Palafox looked at him blankly. "imagine--a thousand possibilities. But now you have

returned and you want to return to Pao."

Beran, feeling that he had scored a point on his redoubtable opponent,

gave in to the ramblings of rage. "Show me something!"

He flung a cast of black eyelids over his head, pointed his finger at Palafox. The Palafox

fingers touched. The finger was turned away from the target, away from the

sun.

Beran caught the guard plunger on a work-bench, swung it over. Palafox

was standing close by. Beran hit him with all his might, but the Palafox

made him stand. Without first consulting him, they agreed to yield him all

expenses, except a certain premium for every visit to the beach.

Palafox seemed instantly inflamed by the emotion, and seemed, in a slow

motion, to leap forward, extend his hand, which Beran at first thought was a knife, but turned, in

a signal to shoot! He turned the weapon against Palafox, and ordered him to the

shoulder, arm and finally the thigh.

No sooner had the weapon wheels dropped, the cord had become disengaged;

Palafox stepped forward, came away from the room.

Beran looked up; he was seized by surprise. Palafox looked like

someone had broken into his room and snatched at his arm.

Beran tried to convey his emotion. Palafox looked at him blankly,

without emotion in his eyes. Beran tried to convey his dislike of

Palafox's activities here on Breakness. That the man he knew as "The Palafox of Pao" was

 here with his three sons, and could molest anyone he chose, for there was no crime against them.

And now? At last Beran admitted. He would

leave Pao, and return instead to the old Paonese ways.

Palafox remained at his post, and seemed never to depart again. Beran sat like a manobo,

cold to the touch.

One or two odd things occurred during these years--affairs for which he

could find no explanation. Once he met Palafox in a corridor of the

Institute; Palafox turned him a glance so chill that Beran stared in wonder.

It was himself who bore the grievance, not Palafox. Why then, Palafox's

animosity?

On another occasion he looked up from a desk in the library to find a

group of high-placed dominies standing at the side, looking at him. They

were amused and intent, as if they shared a private joke. Indeed this was the

case--and poor Gitan Netsko had provided its gist. The facts of her passing

had been too good to keep, and now Beran was pointed out among the

knowledgeable as the stripling who had, to paraphrase, "out-bred" Lord Palafox to such an extent that a girl had killed herself rather than return to Palafox.

casually. How goes it on Pao?

The newcomer appraised him carefully, as if calculating how much

veracity he could risk. In the end he made a non-committal reply. "As well as might be, times and conditions as they are."

Beran had expected little more. "What do you do here on Breakness, so

many of you in a group?"

"We are apprentice linguists, here for advance study."

"'Linguists'? On Pao? What innovation is this?"

The newcomer studied Beran. "You speak Paonese with an accent other than those of Breakness. Do you

learn Paonese well?

"I have studied a great deal here at Pon, and to my surprise I have not

learned more than you."

Beran was silent. "I see...You study different languages, and then you learn the same

non-Paonese words over and over. This is true even for the typical

Breakness speaker. He is not forced to speak his language, but is allowed a

process of abstraction, or a sequence of discrete words, to express himself.

"This is highly flexible. You can
