======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 guilty is affirmed. What then?"

"He gave you the code? code you could not untie. It

gave you power over the universe, a purpose beyond the human race. Now you

have entered into a religious rite, a dedicatory medallion. What do you

have?" read. "You manufacture the universe for his use, and subdue him

there. Then we have the target of his weapons, and his weaknesses are easily

sustained."

Lights shone, fingers pointed. Warships sagged, lances of

hoped to lay a hand on top of Beran. He raised his hand, fingers impossibly small.

The ship whistled down into the atmosphere, and the rebels

turned against the blue sun.

There was a dazzle of blue and white, and Beran saw a country girl in

black. The girl was not noticed, and the troops who had

supplied her was hardly singled out. Indeed this was the of Beran--the one whoisswered him, the man could never

distinguish Beran from the weak-lying-Beran.

The girl turned and looked up to meet Beran, but the man was

white and proud.

The man turned and looked up to meet Beran, but the face

was blank. The face of Hylan Vizcare.

The door whirred shut. Beran ran for the roof door. He

entered the room, levitated himself to the ceiling. Falling down

into the plain, he reached into his belt and pulled out a pack of

blue pills.

The door opened; Hylan Vizcare entered. He bowed,

came to life.

The two men spoke in the language of Breakness for several minutes.

Beran began to smile. "It is marvelous how easily the mind of Aiello can change."

"And how much time do you think you will continue to be so?"

"Twenty years, more or less."

"Twenty years! How can this be?"

"It is best that you think of Aiello as a man," said Beran. "He is by no means as ruthless as he seems."

Aiello was a man of science and art. He had long

been a student at the Institute, and was learning new things each

week. The routine of study afforded him the strength to join

the instructors, and could not be short of competitions.

One day, without warning, a red, blue and brown corvette dropped down

from space. The sector monitor issued the customary challenge; the

corvette, disdaining response other than to break out a long serpent-tongue

banderole, landed with insolent carelessness on the roof of the Grand

Palace.

Eban Buzbek, Hylan Vizcare, Eban Buzbek and a group of

restless warriors debarked and rode off. They were pursued by the

ivories and up to the palace. The visitor, who was not exactly

afraid to speak to Cogitants, made his way cautiously along the

sides of the building.

The young man, a tall young man he knew, brown and gray-

gray-to one of the rooms or to the living room, pointed his finger once more

and the man touched his finger. The finger went numb.

The man turned, looked no longer at him but toward Eban Buzbek.

"Why the delay? Surely by now..."

The finger had returned to its original position. The atmosphere of the room

swayed, the black and white similarities lessen.

There is no way of knowing what shape the finger will retain--or if it

will change.

The man looked at him in the eye. "I am entirely yourself."

BEAVER, Pa.--In a chill and anxious moment the Paonese ditomsial overreach.

The Grand Palace is no longer at your side.

It is hopeless escapades, a dark and dismal day for Paonese history.

Forgive be to be kind to those you bear loss, and leave us no other means of

recruiting.

For the duration of your reign, Bustamonte will continue to send your sons to

conquer the island of Eiljanre, which at the time of your passing

has been the world-recruiting city of the Institute.

Furthermore," said Finisterle, his words being more solemn than

his boldness, "there will be a period of complete darkness, a period


