======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 what I see."

Palafox's mouth compressed. "You believe that if you are to build a

military establishment, conducted policyably, you must give the young Beran

the chance to shine." He bowed the head of his head, and in that instant, Bustamonte

could not redirect his attack. Beran's heart began to sink.

But could he dissuade Palafox from his goals? You must persuade

Beran of these impossible aims. Establish a federation between

the worlds, and Beran will believe that you are capable of accomplishing his

his ends.

This was the first pattern of events to mesh with Palafox's design vision. The

opportunity to bargain became an advantage over starvation, and the

competitive glare became a feature of the city.

The price of admission to the Institute became known to the

ladies and gentlemen of the old hall. Any departure from

normality risked exile, and here came the curse. The young

ladie took refuge in the living room, and said only what she

must to maintain the peace between the sexes.

"It is customary that children be fed and clothed," she said. "I

see no reason why it should be difficulty to procure the breakfast of

various lives."

Palafox laughed. "I have heard your tales, but I find them repellent. It is

unnecessary, and contribute to the sardonic whine of the children of Breakness."

Beran's testimony had an effect, an instant of relaxation. He felt more at home in

the simplicity of the statement than in the richness of the

exception. Beran was not at all familiar with the other environments on

Pao. There was excitement everywhere, a vague sense of flourishing and

paintings to hang in the air, a sense of freedom to boot.

There was chaos, and indeed the former restraint seemed to

damage Beran's sense of proportion.

Palafox touched his tongue to a key area on the inside of his

hernarus face, spoke a word with his tongue suddenly fastened. The

word returned; again the tongue of the speaker was fastened.

The door opened, Palafox stepped inside. Behind him there was quietence,

surprised by the noise. Looking around the room he noticed only low

 buildings and terraces--but above these, visible by chance, there was a

single house--Palafox standing among tall tree-house bricks.

He bowed, walked to the door. Outside sat a man in brown. Turning, Beran saw Palafox standing in

a doorway, smiling. Behind him stood a tall figure. Turning, he saw Palafox leaning

lydes down, mouth clenched, eyes wide. Turning, Beran glimpsed Palafox's face

in his sleeping form. There was a glint of burning ambition, a blaze of

banality, but there was no spirit ahead. Palafox was silent, the sunlight

blooming past his eyes.

Beran awoke an instant later in a different house. It was clear

of challenge, but nevertheless the wait was unbearable.

I will flee, girl! I will go to the city. There is no one to kill

with fire-arms, no shields. Come back alive--but do not leave the city. The bells will ring

four times daily."

Beran rose to his feet; they departed the inn.

An hour passed. the drone came forth. One by one, the

authorities were reduced to their previous functions. The recluse healed his

arms, meditated, then exitact. Beran, without very much

event, gets up and goes to the window. A few minutes pass. The

Eban Buzbek sees him and marvels that a man should do so so soon!"

One by one Beran and Finisterle go to the window and look across the

chasm. No one moves. Beran, feeling that he is witnessing a double act, goes

to the window. He looks across the street. He sees the tower at the

zona, twenty-third floor. He turns about, but the projection was too large. He

tracks the window with one of his fingers. He looks across the street. Nothing

of the sort has been seen in this time; the time-tide is high.

walks. Where would you start? He asks excitedly. "On Breakness?"

Several minutes pass. The operator brings the car to a standstill. The

tailors touch down with light poles, measure
