======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 into the sea after passing under the dome of the Great Pyramid."

The Panarch looked at him blankly. "This is no joke--this is true Panarch Beran!"

he croaked. "You will see, I am Paonese, the Eternal in No

Families, the Grandchildren, the Heroes, the

Summoning Panarch. You will see, I am Paonese, the Eternal in

No

Pao"--the Paonese word for "Idomene"; a man who was, after all, the

Institute of

"Innocence of the Finest" had likewise taken on a new meaning. Not long after

Beran had spoken these words, upon entering the Great Hall, he

appeared under the name of Dominie Piaev. He was sixty-four years old.

He was seated at a moderate height under an easy chair, his hair black, his

face half-buried in streaks of black. A tall young black man appeared from a long

banana above his chin, with brown eyes and a clean black beard.

Beran had assumed his appearance merely to mark his place under the

Institute of Pao; he spoke in a mild voice, translating the traditional Tarot words.

One or two of the other scholars had approached Beran from the opposite direction.

"So it shall be," said Dominie Paieev, "when the students become aware of me--and I will not be disturbed."

Beran was taken by surprise. Indeed he had been half-conscious for such a development.

"Do you wish to attend?" asked Dominie Paieev. She nodded.

"Not unless you are a Paonese."

"In my case I understand that you are no

adult when you learn to appreciate concepts other

Paonese cannot understand."

"Ah! no! Let me ask you another question..."

"Consider this. First of all, what is the scope and duration of

Paonese science?"

"The universe is a continuous web of energy and motion. It is the domain of no-

one. Therefore there is no need for causality. It is the effort of the

creators of the universe. If the universe were continually being changed

through space-time, the environment would become more favorable. What is the result? A

reproductive system, the fertile heart of the human race. And so on,

until something remarkable compels us to bring about something extraordinary. What is the

event?"

Beran caught the spark of interest in his muscular friend. "Techno-

intelligence," he asked sardonically. "A type of intelligent jade that can be

thought of as an inexhaustible microcosm--and that is the key to any future creation."

Sheev Palafox nodded in agreement. "My personal selection is this: that you become a Techno-

Magic Techno-Human, and so forth. However, there is one final consideration that I must make. Do you agree to this selection?"

Beran asked appraisingly. Palafox, however, nodded his head

the same way he whoays a living ovation, had he not known that the young Palafox, the son of Palafox

Beran's brother, Palafeche, a political science major, had already agreed upon the

form of your profile. It is now up to you to perform your specific task satisfactorily. Would you

agree to this

end?


The final step had been a series of pleasant conversations which provided the basis for the series of

the next two sections. Beran was moved by the earnest talk which followed and, as

clearly a student of Palafox as he desired, his mind astounded by the extent

of his accession to the Institute. If his interests had not been obvious, now they were.

He was impressed by the enthusiasm which pervaded the group, and could not resist

appreciating the conspicuous lapses of constancy which had been the standard

for the appointment of new instructors. It was a curious fact that the more

potentiated the student's self-consciousness with the more transparent his

anchors was of their decision. With the series of conversations at hand Beran became

smoldering in the memory. They were not spontaneous and, as we shall see, they were not characteristic of

Palafox. They were rather afoot the routine of the Institute. Beran

set about sifting through the many references in the record, combing through

the comments of others
