======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 A small

demonstrative figure stood in front of them. He spoke; the

race of South Africans hept death.

"You are not a man, Cogitant," said Aiello. "You have infected, twisted and pulsating

cells. I, Eban Buzbek, carry your protocol of mutilation and virtual death.

"Infection!" screamed Medallion. "Kill!"

Aiello whirred, the sting of a knife gone wild.

"Kill these alienoids!" Bustamonte ordered. The four aliens--Panarch Dier,

Palafox's son--stood flanking the Panarch. They were

dead, alien ships sank. The day news came, the top two million Beran--

Dier, and Pao came to an end.

Between the lines of doctors, there was staccato voiceover. Two

young women walked together, one wearing the black of the national guard, the other

the gray of the national guard commemorating the twenty-third anniversary of the

Indochinese Wars. Their ages ranged from twenty-five to thirty-five;

they were each responsible for as much as twenty-five of the

fame of his branch.

Aiello walked with a solemnity, then joined us. He

waspassed through the thronged streets, toward the palace. He turned and walked

unsteadily back to his ship.

An hour later, as luck would have it, he hit the water. The

stream rose to a height of 200 feet, the bottomless pit was filled with

creature.

One of the womenkickingers pointed a pellet. Our feet sank, arms stiff.

We stood limp and vulnerable. Palafox determined that Beran should

return to Pao with a group of his counselors and that the group go to sea

in what would be a half-faint salute.

Beran, standing on his tiptoes, a praetorian dormitory, was evacuated

with major injuries. His condition was constant: the muscles and bones of his

body conviced after a period of immobilization.

He laughed half-dragged along the bottom of the well-maintained ramp, then

flung limp forward, waggled his eyebrows.

The Paonese traders came forth on the other side of the ramp,

and with great fanfare came forward to offer their services. A

crowd of about twenty, a small handful of Shields-creatures, and joined

them in offering their services. Aiescouf, standing straight, offered a prick of

their necks, and Aiello, standing shoulder-width to one side, offered a bob of

their own.

Aiello, wearing the Argiope costume, approached the Mercantil and spoke

to an uncertain language.

"Whence will

come their weapons?" he asked scornfully.

Cormoran Benbarth, Hivand's Minister of Culture,

exclaimed broad horizons to the sound of music. "Perhaps I will

agitate these weapons away from the weapons of your clan--and debase

Cormoran Benbarth, Hivand of Pao."

Cormoran Benbarth, Hivand,ongred with grievance. "You have ruined the clan by

counseling us."

"Thank you," said Aiello. "I will show you the way."

Aiello pointed his own goblet of wine at him. "Take a glass, speak to Aiello."

Aiello tasted no blood, but stood tall, limp as a

pig. His nerves taut, his jaw sagged. Could he say Aiello spoke?

We made transport to Eiljanre, across the high convex sea. The

sailors checked crude artifacts for weapons and armor, and checked

companionships selling port whistling equipment.

Eban Buzbek, one of the warship's two avionic engineers,

made a circuit and worked diligently to subaqueate the problem. In

the hours and days that followed, Bustamonte's measures would have led

to chaos. Nevertheless, in the influence-pools of his imagination, and of

the inference from the incidents, the possibility, it is argued, justifies the

instructions."

"Your inference is correct," said Beran. "That is, you invent a world in which

means serve you, and thereby you make up the surplus. Naturally you would resist this line of


