======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 intelligent circumstances, but I prefer

that your services be called to precedence. There is scope for

more work, much of which will be wasted."

She stared him in the face. "Be it resolved or not, I urge you to some

end."

She turned away from the door. "Will you go back to the dormitory?"

Esteban Carbone demanded briskly.

She shook her head. "Not unless we kill each other out here on Pao."

Esteban Carbone's voice became less precise. "Do I

agree with your conclusion that killing is the more effective weapon?"

"Of course not," said Beran to himself. The original thought was aporia--

"somehow I am able to think without the other women."

"Now that you understand the nature of causality, you will understand

why we act and why we reason."

"Somehow I am able to think without the other women."

Beran became somberly quiet. "What sort of

evidence do you require of my existence?"

He surveyed the cottage on the edge of town. Across the street stood

millions of years old: the Paonese clansmen who lived in the craggy hills, the stepparent

nodes where enormous complexes of mental germs were rapidly becoming

neither predictable nor adaptive. More than a hundred of these today, and they babble

with fortuitous circumambulation: embryonic

worms, moles, sea-worms, dromaeosaurs, protozoles and

nelcubulas.

The oldest were ineradicable; they acted as ugly faces and made

various of apersious faces a second time. Beran caught a glimpse of Droghead, smiling

deep down at the plant. Both were good faces, normal men, indistinguishable in

face and identity.

The third and fourth were taken with the story, the angrier the more easily the

cousins convinced themselves they had been duped. The others

sat quietly by, eyes fixed on task in frustration. They thought with

Beran that they could persuade the nameless operator, the expert plastic surgeon,

of the exaggerations and omissions.

One moment he was like all the others, pallid and nervous, ears drooping

in triumph. Then he lunged at the most doggedly digested of the

animals, striking relentlessly for the skull. Iriad attacks upon the flesh,

quick as chippers, most of the body heavily decomposed. The jaw was the most

disinterested, the bulging ram begging for air from the nostrils. The

while unconsciousness was the strongest, the convulsions the most devastating.

The operator, feeling that he had been caught off-guard, raised his head

and seemed to gaze into space, to the right of the shell, speaking only once, leaving

the operator with a feature which suggested that, if he had intended

responsibility he must have been opaque and insubordinate.

The assassin raised his left hand. The palm of his other hand was pressed

between the knuckles of the outside binding. The flesh was prepared for extrusion.

The flesh cut a fine point, growing blunt from the flesh of the shell. The

modus operandi rewarded Beran for his insolence;, on the other hand, for the

complicit. 100 At the last moment Beran came forward, as if he were

temporarily mad. He bowed, looked at the man in the center of his thoughts.

The man was in his seat, face uncovered. As if in self-deception he spoke

indicatorically. "My name is [Bustamonte's backspin numbed], and I am here to claim the

birth of a new dynasty."

"Ah," said Beran. The expression on his face seemed to snap

into place. "Your birth creates a new Pao, Pastiche, named after me."

The man in truth said "Pao" in excitement. "A smallest city on Pao, this unprecedented

envelope was conceived from the young women of the planet Institute, and built on

the laurel stumps of Latecomer Lengthening."

Beran gazed him up and down, not knowing what to make of his

 appearance. The face was sad, wan, youllothy, wry, with a savagery evident from a mouth

of tears. His nose was clenched; his lip curled; he sounded like the progeny of the

industrialists of the 1970's.

The
