======== SAMPLE 1 ========

"Ah, by the way," said Mamarone.

"We Valiants wear No. 8 for military advantage. It is our

equipment that courses call."

"We call these Shots, and we defend ourselves by hiding weapons."

The slogans sparked an instant of precision and contrived chaos. The

Valiants were emboldened; their allies debarked.

The diversion from the Valiants left them approximately equal in

strength with the Brumbos. But when opportunity presented itself, had been led by

confergeonously blunt Paniche, who had preferred the more casual moniker of

 "Deplorables From Pao" or else he would have cancelled it.

So the conventions of the time were routine, indistinguishable from home

alone: lost, doubtful, discouraged, betrayed. For some reason not readily

apparent, the Brumbos disruptive group was quartered among

peace-emblazoned youths, and against all reasonable probability killed any

that might approach it.

The Breakness Dominie was made up of neutraloids of average strength and gray

skin with bony spines. They wore solidara and were expert at surprise

deflection. They knew little of Pao, almost altogether because of their race:

castes, tonsils, muscles.

The shoulders, abdominis and calves of the non-aviation, civil and

military classes were patterned after those of employment. The faces were angular

and sociable; the torso small and vivacious. Their activity

distracted from the daily routine of the Breakness Institute, and attracted less

detailed attention from the civil service.

The neutraloids wore turbans that three-dimensional contour to alternate space and time.

vitae Sapientum. of Palafox. of his choice.

payers would pay, but he reserved their money in the fashion where single words.'

Aiello paid one quarter of the invoice, and paid the remainder in bills to

come. The rest was private time. A receipt was printed, bills noted in

parchment. After observing the bills, Antonidas Garai infer-

med to make a new.

The new face of the business filed forth, leaps of lighthearted astonishment

clamped the black eye shut, eyes stared grimly into the sky.

The faces of the non-aviation classes turned pale, eyes grew dark.

Palafox waved him over. "Several of the Surviving

Cavaliffs arrive at the headquarters bearing... bills.

"Lord Palafox arrives bearing fifty bills."

"What does 'the fifty bills' matter?" Beran asked in suspicion.

"Some say as much as fifty billion capsized vis-a-

face."

"Ultra-rare."

Palafox seated himself beside Beran. "May I ask, Chief, do you have any

suggestions for how I might enhance the efficiency of your fleet?"

Beran sought to think such requests through; ultimately he dwelt

first on the use of the anti-gravity thrusters he had just observed and

imitated. Then, entering a motioned recommendation, he adjusted the suits.

Within, he metamorphosed drones, which heplaced within rigid

cular armor. Heidebner led Beran through a reconsideration of pictorial

interior decoration. "In my opinion, the most efficient use of your

industrial facilities is typically when you have sufficient space to provide for your

clients."

Beran displayed a similar modification to a group of corporation offices.

Palafox nodded. "In that case, your buildings should be as large as

your clients require."

"Correct," said Beran. "They include the offices of Breakness

Institute."

Beran looked from face to face, impressed by the precision with which

his own suppliers worked instantiations of his own technique.

"You have already noted," said Palafox, "and modified the buildings in my program."

used up all of his economic incentive."

"Yes, of course."

"And you will no longer produce food and beverages?"

Palafox mused. "No, but we will construct a food and water plant on

the site of Breakness."

"Surely it is logical that we should do so."

"And a Food and Water Plant on Your South by South Line of

Properties?"

"Certainly."

"And a Food and Water Field on the South by

South Line of the Classified Website?"

"We will."

"
