======== SAMPLE 1 ========


"I am completely free," she affirmed, "and I can do no wrong."

Beran was silent a moment. Then she turned away, exclaiming bitterly, "You see no reason to

allow this charade!"

Angry at herself, she went back to her work, and said worse to Palafox. "If you must know, I am furiously

voweling my plans--and perhaps soon"--to create sufficient dissatisfaction in Pao to "impact the entire series of events described above."

The next day Beran received an explanation from Palafox for

his malfunction. The actual cause was not known, but "an energetic army is in the planning stages."

The next day Beran received an explanation from Palafox for

his malfunction. The actual cause was not known, but "an energetic army is in the

preferment of flexibility and willingness to oblige any which conflict with continuity."

He went to the great desk, looked across the table to his left. He

looked back. The time had come when Pao was best served by

honor and efficiency. The time was now far from now, and the

opportunity to do so dims with each passing day.

He touched the touch plate. The finish was exploded.

A milling space-boat-mass, a glow of destruction.

He went to the window, looked across the street. He came across the building where

the battle had taken place.

There was a bright smile on Palafox's face. "It is well that a Lord Palafox has taken refuge, and that he

may rely upon you for protection."

"I have depended upon him," muttered Beran. "He is such a--such a being!"

"No," said Palafox. "He has maintained an evening with the Myrmidons, and it is he who shall prosper."

"What does he want?" cried Beran. "What have you?"

"We share a web of power," said Palafox softly. "Perhaps some of you might be considered

associates."

"Weibo."

"Weibo." The words were the very essence of the

word--almost word of miracle, the evocation of a spirit to flow through a

body.

"Weibo," said Palafox calmly, "speak in two ways. One is that we are all one great

expression from God, who we meet across the ocean in this life."

"What do you do here on Breakness, with your ideas?"

"What do you do here on Breakness?" asked Beran tartly.

Palafox sat beside the boat. "You are a wan observer, but--and I--I see your

sensations."

"How long before we reach Breakness?" Beran asked in a hushed husky voice.

"I see...Well, suppose we reach Breakness, and you should still prefer

to be Panarch to Beran."

Beran made no reply. Palafox looked at him curiously. Beran had

stiffened, seemed lost in thought. In fact, a curious event had occurred

inside his mind; there had been a sudden instant of dizziness, a whirl and a

jerk which seemed to bypass an entire era of time, and he was a new Beran,

like a snake sloughed of an old skin.

The new Beran turned slowly, inspected Palafox with dispassionate

appraisal. Behind the semblance of agelessness, he saw a man of great age,

A dozen of the Mamarone sky-sleds showed as black rectangles on the

streaked gray sky. Two miles away a transport had settled and was exuding

a magenta clot of neutraloid troops.

"It is well that this episode occurred," said Palafox. "It may dissuade Bustamonte from another like impertinence." He tilted his head, listening to the inner sound. "Now--observe our deterrent against molestation!"

Beran felt, or perhaps heard, a pulsating whine, so shrill as to be only

partially in perception.

The sky-sleds began to act peculiarly, sinking, rising, jostling. They

turned and fled precipitously. At the same time, there was excitement

among the troops. They were in disarray, flourishing their arms, bobbing

and hopping. The pulsating whine died; the Mamarone collapsed on the

ground.

Palafox smiled faintly. "
