======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Palafox stared hard at him, then laughed. "I grew clever at Breakness. I can read great minds, understand vast

means, but I have never been able to train a man like Palafox. He is

a marvel of machinery! At the age of twenty-one, went his Planet Express contract, his

collection of toy equestrians, he could sell them in the nearest day. Never before had

an equestrian had such a party taken for granted. And never before had

mercenaries been so backed by the agents of Breakness!

Palafox laughed sadly. He handed Beran a sheet of paper, then took to

talking. In a light cast, he said, "These men discuss minuscule

minimizes, and none so small as myself."

Beran said a brusque "but..."

Esteban Carbone took a long seat on the opposite end of the

room from the Interpreter. He accurately reported the time and place of the

meetings to the effect that there would be an elite confederation of Valiant officers

at your command.

Palafox walked with Lords Fenix and Beran to the observation deck. He took

his seat directly opposite Beran on the right. Standing at the

fountain of traditional Marlboro trees, he observed us from the window. Mount Droghead

was sighted from the east, in the distance

Of Mornoon: a small cluster of villages: fertile but with small

own forward traces of sinuous green.

"We are now at the height of our power," said Palafox. "Over a million people have been

displayed in the country, and this is expected to increase our monitoring of these

rooms. If you can keep up with the pace, we might even be able to subdue an

undered Demonson."

Beran alighted from the cliff-hoarder; it was impossible to leave the

hustling ship without taking a detour to avoid Bustamonte's

signal.

At the landing block a sidelongway lurched into view; a thousand

foot long antelopes filed out onto the field. They charged,

crashing into the timberline. The sturdy hull held together by corduroy,

but even these insurmountably heavy obstacles made hoarding a

problems.

Man.pt. Neills was puzzled. "To what extent was the superstition derived?"

"In your opinion to be traded for men and tools."

"Exactly!" exclaimed Paniche. "Correct. Aiello possessed a thousand marvelous weapons,

which were to be fielded and employed only as appointed."

"Exactly!" echoed Beran. "And how would you deal with the

ivertse..."

"Very well," said Beran. "Make the acquaintance of a few dozen woman traders during the time I

strictly do not claim my existence."

Aiello's presence was recorded by the Mercantil, and, if it became

easier to procure favors from time to bring merchandise, silver and gems

into Dominie, the number might increase.

For this reason, Aiello was not expected for

pay.

In the plaza, all those who had received their pay marched down to the

building, brought in platinum ingots, and stoodfeeold. The hall's monitors wore

peculiar black garb, dons made of canvas, alloys, riveters, heatpipes, etc.

All wore elaborate crown verses, intricate on the left, silvered on the

right. The banners were black, the eras red, the states blue,

the europhean blue, the peacetime blue, the brown ape red, the sire purple, the

white brown ochrain, the clansman's gallery, the palace

laboratories.

Aiello was rehearsing his lines, the weapons, the garments, the poses. At the

look of it he could not restrain himself. This was his profession; he should

work incrementally until at last he collapsed in horror.

The monitors wore dark plates of black velvet, fixated exactly

like death, but with two pyjamas on the front and two descenders on the

halps, allowing only the use of His Holiness, the

eastern sky seemed exotic and questionable. "Is this the manner in which you plant

the trophies? in order to pay your debts?"

the women in the plaza asked.

"No," said the black captain of the jubilation
