======== SAMPLE 1 ========
p, we had a good deal less time together than we might have liked.

Benedict continued to listen in hushed curiosity.

He was asked what he thought of Beran's behavior, which he

was now determined to examine.

Benedict replied in a husky voice. "I don't think I could take advantage of you. I understand

you are tired," he said. "Have you tried any particular

alternative means to get through the situation?"

"I don't know," said Beran. "Do I have to go to the monastery?

I would require the assistance of a more pleasant diversion--that

other way around."

Benedict felt a little of the novelty of such a remark.

He went to the door of the room he was in, pushed a glass door-bar.

Benedict took the window off the window in front of him, closed it in his

mind.

He entered the room with a group of eight-year old females in black. "I hope you will

find yourself fine and have fun, but I do not see how you will return."

"Come now," said Beran. "I am afraid you won't find something

else to do either."

"Certainly," said Beran. "I would welcome a few days of rest--but I

am worried about your condition. It is too hot outside for many days,

and there is a drought. It will make things darker, will make them worse for you.

I have spent most of my life fighting poverty, but I am tired and tired of this world." She

sat down on one of the linoleum sagging linoleum rooms, and raised her hand.

Beran was not impressed with himself. "All these years I can feel that I am

manning, the only problem is the work--why don't you go sit at home and

happen to yourself?"

The women smiled and turned to make a greeting into a speech. Beran felt a sudden

relatively pleasant satisfaction run through his bones. He went to his room and sat down,

staring out over the desolate landscape. His eyes fell upon the sky, and when he touched it again his

mind instantly underwent a sort of mental relaxation. Then he returned to the chair where his room stood.He spoke

wordly in a coarse voice, and on the third day of training it was shown that a

student was aware of his presence--the girl seemed aware of any

responsibilities a young man might undertake.

The next day another girl was dressed as Beran. The Paonese, Paonese boys, wore similar

striking black garments. The women in the dress performed their ceremonies as Beran was describing.

Then they returned to the room, presented themselves to Beran in black and presented him a

request for an explanation, requesting he go with them. In accordance with Beran's

interpretation, the girl went to the doorway to the room, pointed to the ceiling and back,

then jumped.

Seeing her behavior puzzled Beran. He thought a moment and exclaimed, "I don't see

why..."

The girl, the Paonese in black, returned a similar reply.

Beran's explanation was considered insufficient.

He went to the door. Behind him came a second girl. The Paonese girl

turned a wry smile. "I must go now," she said. "Take me to my dormitory in

Beran's spare time."

The girl went forward into the hallway, into the room where the Paonese

mother lay sleeping on the bed. The room was dark, and while Beran watched as she

slept down the slope, he was startled to discover one of the Paonese

mother's faces concealed the face in brown.

Beran glanced behind him. Her face was small, dark-green as snow. "I am sorry. I was

dying..." She spoke huskily. She spoke in two parts, in a whisper. He

missed a moment of silence, then said, "We are in constant touch."

"What are you

talking

me? It is a hard question to answer...I am not speaking. Do you

serve

you."

"I have taken part in many of the events of this novel,

but I am not here to give orders or to discuss things. I

consent--I am acting under the authority of my mother--and you are hereby my

authoritor."

Beran looked up. This was another instance of the casual
