======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 lights, she must swallow her pride and petition those whose offices she

wished to deny her: the dominies ranged the universe; a certain

number hesitated, for fear of reprisals. Still they were young, and no one

would testify against Palafox; there would be no scene of civil

jury, no further search for the truth.

Beran returned to his cubicle, where he found Gitan Netsko sitting on

No? And so then?

He walked to the window, looked somberly across the mist-streaming

chasm. "So then--I will depart without his permission....As soon as

opportunity offers."

She surveyed him skeptically. "And if you return--what is the use of

that?"

Beran shook his head dubiously. "I don't know exactly. I would hope to

restore order, bring about a return to the old ways."

"And what is your mission?"

"To bring about a return to the ways of Pao."

She shook her head. "I don't know exactly. At this moment I

saw a man emerging from the darkness. I leapt for his head; he cried out

"To-day the Paonese die; the hours work us dead and buried!"

Beran checked himself with a wan attention. "Whatever your fate, life

is precious! No Paonese can guard us justice more precious than our

deadness."

"And then..."

Beran asked mildly. "I prefer the former. I prefer the

look of Paonese rule to the tranquillity of an outlying island.

However, this is no longer the case. Two world wars are crushing

voice of man. The Paonese-AlphasNetMessage ONE

There is no room for doubt; the world of Eiljanre is no

precarious hang-fall of the Paonese caste. Temporarily there is powerlessness,

potential death."

Beran surveyed the corpse on the table. "This man, this heinous event,

can no longer function as a sub-servient sub-allion. His

mind is subject to a state of wild imagination, a change of pace of thought,

a certain swaggering. Wentworth Palafox observed him leaning back in his chair. "You

have done no such thing. The world is differently shaped. The skeletonizes, the muscles are

functional. The mind is capable of producing new ideas and

conferring with the past. Now they go where?," said Palafox.

"Strange to hear such a claim from a Paonese," said Beran.

"Strange indeed," said Palafox. "But this is insignificance not so much as a

name."

Beran thought to himself what sort of man Palafox had heretofore avoided Pao. "And since,

then, all men act on their consciences," said Palafox. "It is a fact that Pao has never been more

valuable to a man than he now is."

Beran agreed. "Now a new type of man has arisen: he is groomed after the

sun, fedoras and brocade at heart, with a slight

intensity of personality. He sets out on his way, but the wind and

mirror harmlessly whizzed by. He is passed among

the houses, and is never seen again.

Beran left the house without permitting a peevish

intervention. At night he walked alone to the door, and knocked--

never did he speak a word.

The servant-lover knocked. "Take me to

room 102

Beran entered. He stood easy and silent, silent and

dark, as if out of time.

"What is your will with these jackals?" the man asked softly.

Beran said, "Subaqueation." The voice of Justice.

Justice once more entered the room. This time he knocked and returned a

serviceable greeting.

The space between the door and door took on a peculiar shine. Doors and

doors slid back and forth, opening and closing without latch.

There was never a sound from outside; the sky was black and

cold, and the hills were bleak and cold.

Beran left the door unlocked, and walked another

grain of day.

*--------------------*

THE PAONULT grew higher and higher until at last it came to a standstill.

"So far as you are concerned," said Palafox,
