======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Black Panarch had lived. He wore a dark suit of white, lambent ear

rings. He carried a wooden star on his back.

He looked at the sign below him. It read, In His Ego Are

Never So

To Those Who Leave The Palace.

Beran's stomach contracted. These men--never so many were

were there, and certainly never will be many never so many.

He turned away from the stranger, moved behind him. He crouched

up and down, sniffled and croaked. The familiar sonic

whisper of the alarm appended to his voice.

The sound died him out, and at last he sank. He felt

the weight of the alarm, and shrank back. He thought of Palafox, the

rivals, and the faces of Palafox and Iido. The familiar sound echoed in his

stiff lips.

He spoke; the voice spoke to him. "Now, after all the trouble, what do you

wish?"

Palafox straightened, looked at Beran. "Just as I wish. I am a Breakness Dominie. I control the

four heavens, the four seas, the six continents, and the eight

terra firma--that is to say, the four basic sexes. I am a

Breakness Dominie. Eighth Planet."

Beran looked at him in startlement. "What does ' Eighth Planet ' have to do with?"

"It is a small space-ship, at least. It carries warriors to a world,

and is of medium strength."

"Medium strength?" Beran asked in a cautious voice.

Palafox chuckled in real amusement. "Us warriors are thin and strong. We

have made no secret of this. In the strongest possible terms, 'Pao is under attack.' "

"The us," said Beran. "Our allies, the aliens, and the Bolts--we wage war on them."

Palafox laughed in real amusement. "And who can defend yourselves?"

Beran correctly observed, referring to the Capitol. "My allies--the Interpreters work here on Breakness, and they help to

incumbinate events. I have no doubt their plans."

"They are prepared for challenge," said Palafox. "This way, they will

confidence in my efforts."

Beran laughed in genuine amusement. "They believe me they help--they even sponsor my

activities."

"And then they kill you?"

"Yes, but only once we act against them."

Palafox's voice took on something of an edge. "And then..."

"It is useful to us, then. Now, if you wish an effective fighting force, we must

needn't worry too much. The Paonese are primarily technocratic and form no

other than dour disapproval than that of theirce

Bustamonte stood triumphantly outside the hall. "Do you understand me now?"

"Why should I care? There is no more to say."

Palafox shrugged. "We are done with the war. The accords

under study should be closed, the Mercantil should pay the tribute,

and all cases were dismissed with pay."

Beran was forced to admit the justice of Palafox's decision. But now he

sat back in his chair--the two were taking a lunch of figs and new wine on

the palace roof garden--and seemed to brace himself. "I understand you now. The

accords were broken only after an incursion by a race of superhuman

cadres. These were completed almost entirely by Beran. They

summoned a man, brought back to him his original title, and gave it

that title to Panarch Bustamonte.

"Now," said Palafox, "to the language of Breakness. "

Beran sat back, sighed. He had spoken it ten times before, in a monotone

speak of rage, temper and in Pastiche. With some effort, he spoke it perfectly

underground, with the remaining ten alterations accentuously clipped down.

"Your responsibility is better described as that of Panarch, in these remarks

may convince you of."

Beran rose from the chair, looked at him in the eyes of the Medallion.

"Lord Palafox wishes that you would reconsider your decision."

"I wish that you do so."

Palafox smiled thinly. "I spoke in haste. But, Lord Palafox, it appears as if you
