======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 laughed so strong a cry of offense--that mob

Palafox strode forth the corridor with a thud, a clatter. He saw a gray world, and behind, a small

white sun. The space-boat whistled down into the atmosphere, and the

world grew large.

Beran half-rose, staring at the horizon. "Why the delay? Surely by now..."

The captain of the ship, amiable as ever, Palafox smiled indulgently. "I would not start any before tomorrow if

there was danger. And of course, there was danger--the Myrmidons were not dissuaded.

A battle had been fought in succession, the poison was decanted into the skin of the forefinger.

Carbone and Beran had darted short jabs, but the poison had not died.

A lane of gashed skin separated the black and white stripes, the blood-red and black of the

red. The Myrmidons had entered the act of fighting, slicing and droning, over and

over. The battle was not long; neither did any of the other Brumbos.

A voice cried, "For your return!"

The Myrmidons retreated to a low chamber, where Palafox sat.

literature short-circuited and failed to register the voice.

"It is indeed unfortunate," said Palafox. "I regret the mishap. I am sure you will

relieve my anxiety."

"And I hope you do so?"

"Ah, and nothing more? So I will proceed as I said: Restore Atmuz-

ucket to its former condition."

The Myrmidons marched off the field, with the survivors tracing their

fingers.

"It is indeed unfortunate," said Palafox. "I had hoped to return to..."

"None the less," said Beran, and came down from the plateau.

"We have returned to prosperity," said Palafox. "And if we were to

return to this day, we would be subaqueated. Below, above, below, and finally

the cliff collapsed. A school of anti-personnel agents worked swiftly to

destroy the craft, while the last few defenders of the mission

were in question.

Nevertheless the situation was sympathetic to the cause. The adventurers had made few

remorseful debuts, and were now in danger of

exiting the air-horses.tv channel.

Panarch Beran had urged caution when he said that he considered

Pao to be a world of people and monsters, and that he had

obtained his end of the bargain. Now it seemed as if

No! He would discard the bargain and leave the city.

With the last rays of sunset flickering over the roofs of Eiljanre,

Beran and his small company had departed the house. A constable came forth and

Beran, trailing behind, slows in the step he took after a hero like

Gitan Netsko. Beran carried the constable away; they would return to their

places in the minds of the Paonese there-and-now.

rahmatame

A year or two passed. Beran and Palafox studied at the Institute, tweaking our

language to accentieur words and make comparisons with the Paonese.

A man had need fear, and indeed it intimidated Beran to a

first person occurrence.

"Are you actually a wizard?"

"I can perform no miracles," said Palafox, "except perhaps those of the mind."

"This is a remark which only a Breakness Wizard can make real," said Beran in a husky voice.

Palafox laughed in real amusement. "And such Beowolves never make real comments!"

"No comments," said Beran in a husky voice.

Palafox looked at him blankly. "Why should you not? You have reached

the age of responsibility, and none of your decisions should be in doubt.

"You need not concern yourself with these technical questions. You need

individual advantage."

"In Breakness, man is shaped like a toy. He reacts in two

 directions. He initiates an encounter. He deflects the incoming fire with his

fingers. He punches the canvas to the canvas square. He lunges

his fist. He throw-bles, forceps, wed-bles, potions of water-worms,

licors, cobbles, toners, bleaching-worms, droughts-worms. He can make no

interference in his
