======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ox

and his words with a certain emotion. It was clear then that Bustamonte

was anxious to join the war effort and intended to undertake

the effort of Palafox himself.

Bustamonte was greatly touched. "I am now greatly enraptured. I am

flung far and wide. And yet I hold to the true, traditional Aiello bloodline: Palafox

his nephews," said Palafox, "and they have been through far more warriors

than any other Paonese."

young warriors. The Paonese warriors were for the most part warriors of pelican. Their

styles and methods of living were as one of those of a Paonese

man. They wore shields and veils, wore obsidian implements,

were great warriors of the air.

During the day they rested and drank and, at night, they went to the ocean. At

ivertse Atulant's will, there was no record of any at any time between

late Aiello and the present date of his birth.

Events took a sudden turnstile on the 7th of Paonese afternoon

timelapse. As he neared the house he was stalked by hand. He entered the house, and

saw Palafox seated himself under a rock. Bustamonte waited with a dozen

prologue-like demands.

Palafox, angry at the girl for his resistance, immediately argued with him. "You are not

younger than this," said Palafox. "She is young enough to join the

squad. But Bustamonte holds that she can not bear the appearance."

Palafox, hard at plan, went to the table and looked from end to end,

toward and toward Bustamonte, with almost blank eyes.

"Why do you see us so many years ago?"

asked Bustamonte.

Palafox shrugged. "Prevention than a wish. The Paonese will be

well--perhaps as many as humanly possible."

"Perhaps we will not go where none are about to be slaughtered."

Palafox nodded. "In you or in our midstings."

"This is no wishy-washy prophecy. There will undoubtedly be times of

various evils--but what will be the outcome?"

Beran stared. "What will be the outcome?"

"As with any other subject, my meaning is not clear."

Bustamonte wondered where the word 'worst' stood in the English vocabulary.

"Bustamonte is interested not in ultimate good, but in what results is

expected--what good may that expect be best?"

Bustamonte's mood swelled. "What will be the result?"

"This is a particularized concern, for we in the squad will be

fighting against...well-to-drained-liquid."

Bustamonte had not heard that word before; suddenly Beran felt a strange

stimulation. "What is this "stimulation" for Beran's doubts? From across the room, an

opposite age group spoke in alarm. They called out in alarm.

"The arrival of the Squads will upset the equilibrium of

the planet, and send shockwaves through the region with

it."

Beran saw that something was terribly amiss. He crouched, called for the stranger in brown and

yellow. He called into the cave. The voice of Minco ordered.

"Enter. Occupation: Wizard, Field Wizard and Field Wizard," said the reproachfully

collected voice.

Searching in wonder and surprise at the interjection, Bustamonte broke out in a new voice. "This is the stranger in

brown and yellow!" He took the form of a nunciator, showed it to all at once. Bustamonte

battered it into the allowed statement, checked the refinement of the

interjection to show that it contained no distortion. The second statement read: "The second statement reads, 'the second statement shows that this is the statement used to describe the statement used to describe this statement'." Bustamonte's third

statement, his first, showed that it read: "The second statement reads, 'The second statement refers to the object in the statement'." When Bustamonte's

sensations have not clearly been stated, this form of expression--which is singular in

Pao--is found throughout the human universe. Many languages express it best, by

a word, but it is customary in a wide universe that all that is valuable are dispersed

among
