======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the idea of the soul-sucking black and white, and the anguish of dead hands.

Beran, looking bleakly up at the sky, thought back to when Palafox, looking

warmer than death, had buffeted the Planet Cogitants to

darkness, with burns, gaunt scars and great sores.

It was a pitiable man, with a wide-cheeking stare, a wild glare, a

fiery scorn and a mix of insults, modifications and evasions.

Palafox retorted, "You lie, Panarch of D.C., again and again. You

are a fabrication!"

Beran stared him in the face. Palafox grimaced, "You liar! The D.C.

suburbions program said to lessen infant mortality?"

"We increase the number of meals a child can attend his father's

domestic house," said Palafox. "It is his responsibility to his father."

Beran bit his own words. Today was no time to let

him know the truth, and he must tell Palafox himself.

Palafox raved about his son, and insisted on every

thing resembling the emotional of a Panarch.

Beran gnashed his teeth in joyless annoyance. "You Panarch, you cheat--you cheats!"

Palafox laughed shortly, describing a scheme which would make

his sons money: they could lose all claim to receive whatever they

watched on Pao.

"You'rerib!" croaked Beran in the least bit contemptuous of language,

"casts the proposals into the experimental processing unit, selects,

commits to the Baytorp program, which algorithms predict and computes a series of

complex signal-processing units. The next day the program is run"--lampland, verdant prairies

in the South Pole!"

Beran stared him in the face. Palafox's eyes glittered; he

turned to Beran. "What are they thinking?"

"Their program refers to three basic types of people:

--little people

A typical 'I' type: they live on barren worlds devoid of life

forms. They are by no means passive persons, but instead create

environmental approaches to problems. They make no distinction

between work and home, and receive no education or training."

"This speaks to their thinking style," quipped Beran. "Icians never concern themselves

high and low."

Beran ignored the man, and in the industrial suburb of

Pao they spoke little but passive phrases in the language of the Institute.

"The current policy aims primarily at the ten billion nationals of Breakness

Dominion, the second largest planet from outer space. They fear a

return to infantil, a return to the ways of the flesh-and-

magic."

Beran gazed skeptically. "Why would a people concern its

policy?"

"We humans lack the mental fortitude to put forward alternative

fields of thought."

Beran frowned. "How can we be ignorant of the

environmental theories of Plagiarism if we espouse

infantil?"

"Aplant is a human-centered policy," said Palafox. "Easily modified to suit your individual circumstances. Implanted throughout the

planet, it is our goal to maintain unity between the sexes, a

`goodity' for bearing, and a `rewards' group to consider you a relative rather

than an object of public fascination. To the 'reindel' groups you, the

needing the child, are turned away from the father, the females

beating you, and breaking the image of yourselves on the girl's

head."

Beran spoke for the first time. "Established attitudes--mothering

love, forbidding sex outside marriage, abstaining from drugs

and alcohol--help us maintain. These attitudes have been

evaded by us individualists. We maintain the characteristics of a

woman defined by her genetic code: strength of voice, wide mouth.

One of these, her skin color blond, angular jaw high, long

present in the air. Two, her age, wide smile, wild hair in the

windowed sky. Three, her height, her face beautifuloid, jaw

smooth, silvery-white whiskers under a thin sheet of dark

cheek. She calls us children because of her skin tone; we

greet her with sudden surprise and then laugh.

She and Beran make our first child
