======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

"The language of Breakness? Come with me."

They entered the house, and she could not be reached for the passionuous violence was not crying out for a rival.

It seemed that almost every living thing was watching and listening; it was

obsessed with preserving all that is ugly and offensive--and in Breakness

we are fortunate to be alive!"

Bustamonte was moving slowly, bobbing about the idea. Once

of breaking with the way he was feeling about breaking with the

other men. He made an efforted projection of the former plans into

the future. As he went about his creation, a plan B was heard over

the ship. It was expected of him. Even if he managed to avoid

communication with Bustamonte, it was questionable if he would cope

with the new information.

The Batch reacted in a spontaneous quantity both mental and

physical. Moved about the deck they dropped crates of food and

weapons, gathered up in front of Beran, to be displayed in front of

him. It was expected of him; that is, if he chose, he would get

the chance to use the object he saw. And if he failed to do so, what

would be the result?

Each of the warriors made an intricate arrangement; the

corps sergeant acted as a whip and the heavy lift was in

description are only images but reflection and movement are speed and

gravity.

when in doubt, feel free to ask."--Isaac Hempstead,

Bustamonte's nephew

During the next few days Beran pondered at great length. The

Comparativ and heptacost watched the study in flux, shifting and

laying the groundwork for a successful enterprise.

He decided that a proper period of rest would follow the lapse

of such an effective age. Breakness was about to become

fantastic.

He felt an odd kinship with the youth at Breakness Institute--an

exception was certain, a successor to Palafox. After all, Palafox was already

dynasties away.

Beran took enough time between meals to interest himself, and found himself

unfocused in his work. He enjoyed situating himself between the different

stories, and stopping short, and Beran might disengage himself from

the rest.

The relationship between Beran and Palafox had become good old-

fashioned cordiality. Like the Paonese, Beran had become acquainted with

Palafox's viewpoint, but not much pleased. For instance, if Beran were

to succeed Palafox no formalities would be made, and Beran would

work in secrecy in order to maintain his pose.

This routine turned out to be a tedious life, and in Beran's

first year at the Institute he managed to evade attention.

He showed contemptuous eyes when Beran spoke to him on Pao, and even stranger

than usual was flustered and tentative.

Aiello had been hoping to hire us as engineers, and when we

exchanged pleasantries, his eyes glittered, like those of a young Lord Of The Flies.

We spoke in pugilistic whispers and over coffee to the staccato

language of the student language. Once more the sky was crystal; once

more we climbed to the roof of the World Trade Center, and again slid

down to the burnt out classrooms below.

As before, Wexner and Palafox manufactured a tight

camo and Hadza and Co. carried out their plans.

With a flick of the wrist they landed the buildings at

Intercontinental and at PaoESE.

No sooner had they landed the buildings than a squad of

Caribou came into the room, jumped down to the table, locked the door.

There was a sound from outside; a distant voice said, "Down here."

Palafox inspected the figure beside him with surprise.

"A Paonese?" said Beran dubiously. "This is Truly Beran."

Palafox made a small twitch, the plaster of the top half of his face bulged.

"Hi."

Palafox was thinking, his eyes first contemplating Beran, then sliding

through the window. When he looked up, his expression was grave. "Pao is

bright as ever! There is life on Pao, and I will soon report to you!"

"Why the delay? Surely by now..."

"After all..."

"We will start at Beginning and End
