======== SAMPLE 1 ========
these plans you?" Bustamonte inquired sharply.

"That is true," said Palafox shortly. "I had the advantage of the previous relationship, and Beran's strength of will. So long as we are allies, we cuddle and talk of

Finisterle."

interference from abroad? Bustamonte asked jovially.

"Why do you not restrain Bustamonte?"

Palafox tolerated Bustamonte's eccentricities, but would not let him go. He

is regarded with suspicion among Palafox's ambition,

Beran's intimate confidants.

Why, you ask, require I tell you?"

Finisterle nodded. "As soon as possible. Now, if you will excuse me, I must

isolate these groups and men."

Beran was puzzled. "I am not a coward," he said ruefully. "I have raised taxes since I was young, and have

come at a time when other young men--especially those in the southern

mass

population--must be advised and taken care of."

"I am neither fool nor a warrior," snapped Finisterle.

"I am Paonese," said Palafox. "I have long been wrong."

Beran was taut, his features strained. He turned and walked

unsteadily back to his ship.

An hour passed. the minutes ticking off slowly, one by one. The

warships dropped low, swung low from the ceiling. The flagship

settled gingerly upon the palace deck.

Within the great hall Beran sat quietly on the dynastic Black Chair, his

face drawn with fatigue, his eyes wide and dark. The Cogitants stood in

muttering groups, watching Beran from the corners of their eyes.

From far off came a whisper of sound, a deep chant, growing louder, a

chant of dedication, of victory, sung to the organic rhythm of pumping

heart, of marching feet.

The chant swelled, the door burst open: into the great hall marched

Esteban Carbone, the Grand Marshal. Behind him came a dozen young

Field Marshals, and behind these, ranks of staff officers.

Esteban Carbone strode up to the Black Chair and faced Beran.

"Beran," spoke Esteban Carbone, "you have done us unforgivable

injury. You have proved a false Panarch, unfit to govern the planet Pao.

Chair and walk forth to your death.

From the Cogitants came an interruption. Finisterle spoke out angrily.

"One moment; you go too far and too fast."

Esteban Carbone swung about. "What is this you say?"

"Your thesis is correct: that he who wields power shall rule--but I

challenge that you wield power on Pao."

Esteban Carbone shrugged. "Is this the manner

in which you conduct yourself?"

"Your service has been valuable," said Beran.

"Yes, yes, yes," muttered Esteban Carbone. "And now, after the Danger Room, I will take stock of your

state of affairs and make a decision."

Beran rose to his feet. "In the meantime?"

"During the day and night is no reason to sit and contemplate the future."

Esteban Carbone stared glumly at the ground a moment, then glanced

As they left a second group entered, wearing the simple gray and white

of the Technicants. They received, in general, the same orders as the

Valiants, and put forward the same protests. "Why need the units be small?

Surely there is scope on Pao for a number of industrial complexes.

Remember that our efficiency depends on a concentration of skill. We

cannot function in such small units!"

"Your responsibility is more than the production of goods. You must

educate and train your fellow Paonese. There will undoubtedly be a period

of confusion, but eventually the new policy will work to our common

benefit."

The Technicants marched off the field, into the shabby old terminal.

The Cogitants came forth on the roof of the Grand

Estadbar. They were polite and kind, and spoke no words of Pastiche.

The Cogitants came forth on the terrace, between the Rovenand and the Grand

Estadbar, between the Black and the Drones. They wore their most splendid uniforms

and helms of white metal which
