======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 into a vast park, with a sky which was the very sky Bustamonte

Beran had long wanted. Everywhere he went, all at once familiar and strange, felt the

hurry force of history--and seemed, simultaneously, to

coexist with Bustamonte.

The idea seemed not only logical but likely. The lighter drew alongside;

Beran went aboard. The other linguists broke into an old Paonese chant,

waggishly rendered into Pastiche.

The lighter eased down upon the field; the exit ports opened. The others

tumbled happily forth; Beran pulled himself to his feet, warily followed.

There was no one at hand but the usual attendants. He drew a great breath,

looked all around the field. The time was early afternoon; fleecy clouds

floated in a sky which was the very essence of blue. The sun fell warm on

his face. Beran felt an almost religious happiness. He would never leave

Pao again, in life or in death; if subaqueation awaited him, he preferred it to life on Breakness.

The linguists marched off the field, into the shabby old terminal. There

was no one to meet them, a fact which only Beran, accustomed to the

automatic efficiency of Breakness, found extraordinary. Looking around

the faces of his fellows, he thought, I am changed. Palafox did his worst

upon me. I love Pao, but I am no longer Paonese. I am tainted with the

flavor of Breakness; I can never be truly and wholly a part of this world

again--or of any other world. I am dispossessed, eclectic; I am Pastiche.

Beran separated himself from the others, went to the portal, looked

down the tree-shaded boulevard toward Eiljanre. He could step forth, lose

himself in a moment.

But where would he go? If he appeared at the palace, he would receive

The bus entered the Cantatrino, a great park with three artificial

mountains and a lake, the memorial of an ancient Panarch for his dead

daughter, the fabulous Can. The bus passed a moss-draped arch, where the

park authority had arranged a floral portrait of Panarch Bustamonte.

Someone had expressed his feelings with a handful of black slime. A small

sign--but it revealed much, for the Paonese seldom made political

judgments.

Ercole Paraio was assigned to the Progress School at Cloeopter, on the

shores of Zelambre Bay, at the north of Vidamand. This was the area

designated by Bustamonte to be the manufacturing and industrial center for

all Pao. The school was located in an ancient stone monastery, built by the

first settlers to a purpose long forgotten.

In the great cool halls, full of green leaf-filtered sunlight, children of all ages lived to the sound of the Technicant language, and were instructed

according to a special doctrine of causality in the use of power machinery,

mathematics, elementary science, engineering and manufacturing

processes. The classes were conducted in well-equipped rooms and work-

shops; although the students were quartered in hastily erected dormitories

of poles and canvas to either side of the monastery. Girls and boys alike

wore maroon coveralls and cloth caps, studied and worked with adult

intensity. After hours there were no restraints upon their activities so long

as they remained on school grounds.

The students were fed, clothed, housed and furnished only with the

essentials. If they desired luxuries, play equipment, special tools, private

rooms, these could be earned by producing articles for use elsewhere in

Pao, and almost all of the students' spare time was devoted to small

industrial ventures. They produced toys, pottery, simple electrical devices,

aluminum ingots reduced from nearby ore, and even periodicals printed in

Technicant. A group of eight-year students had joined in a more elaborate

project, a plant to extract minerals from the ocean, and to this end spent all His own duties were simple enough, and in terms of Paonese culture, highly rewarding. The director of the school, an appointee of Bustamonte's,

in theory, controlled the scope and policy of the school, but his

responsibility was only nominal. Beran served as his interpreter, translating

into Technicant such remarks that the director saw fit to make. For this

