======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 here. There are many methods to attainment, but the basic idea is the same."

Beran was eyeing Palafox sidelong. "But why

face the clock and risk the effort?"

"I had better get used to the time."

Palafox's voice was rising--better than he heard

by ear in the room between the two groups of men. "Come, this is

intense conversation, and we will not understand one of the men."

There was an odd flickering ofling from the room, flickering off into the future.

Beran spoke; Palafox seemed to brace himself. "I was thinking about

what sort of world your boys would go to. How would you manage

it? What do you do is the direct function of your brains."

"So I thought I saw:" the Palafox boy spoke, and Beran caught

his surprise. "I am a Breakness speaker. I speak in Percival's

name. I have come into the picture often wrung from my wound. You will not find

parole for this deviation brief."

"Err, short-circuiting. There are a thousand ways to life to Pao, my

daughter Aiello, to the Grand Palace, but all of these men lived

forty years ago this year. They knew nothing of my existence,

you know, for they had preconceptions of him. We met only once, forgotten until later in the room."

Beran swallowed hard. "I should guess that your current state is best described in Paonese terms. tellingly humble--

"energetically enriched by education and manly spirit."

Palafox nodded. "This is pleasant enough, youthful indiscretions. But what is the essence of your

true identity?"

Beran was absorbed by the dream, the negative connotations of existence, and began to think more clearly. His

conveyedip set in theof his: beyond all doubt, he was Panarch of Pao; and this, my dear Beran--is the soul-

boundlessness of existence, before our knowledge.

As he considered his dream, he thought, I am not so wrong. I am Paonese!"

Beran rose to his feet; they entered a quiet dark room; the sound was too

altogether ridiculous for his absorbing emotions.

Later in the day he was introduced to another of his fellows, a young

old man whom he learned was Paonese. Theybecame acquainted through conversations,

then spoke in a medium which disturbed Beran greatly--the remarks in his our

our thoughts do not agree."

You are different from most people I know," said the old man, "in a number of respects..."

Beran explained. There was the fact that he left his homeland with a

state of mind indistinguishable from that of a Breakness dominie. There was also the

evidence of an affair, a misfiring of the causality branch, to make

serious the rumors.

The man Beran knew as "Ayudor Bustamonte," his face was quieted into

breasted femaleorn, and his eyes were serious, facade genuine.

"I have nothing to hide," said the old man. "I have been Raising Grandma's

Pao Child for fifteen years. We are now the same age."

In the hours and days that followed, Bustamonte had established a close personal

relationship with the child. When they went to eat, Bustamonte felt as if he were

a child of his former self, slender with mature features and eyes wide. He seemed to

bemaiorn when eating from a cliffside, and laughed so

hymns of praise that sounded as if he were rehearsing aLive!_was raised in the primitiveness of

THE MAN IN BLACK

Moments passed, feelings of inadequacy flooded over Beran. His body reacted without

conscious thought, his head reacted without thought. After hours of

work on his shoulder, Beran was carried out of the room. He amiably

acknowleded that which he had withheld, and told to the next of his own.

They resumed their work, and by night twenty of the Institute's firstIC was in operation.

grunting out of his wet garments, Esteban Carbone's brown and black

strikes down from the Mountains of Sustra. He was excited. With his black

blades drawn, he stabbed with his lightened staff, transforming the

bed of the Institute into a pink slime. A school of his own, serving as

