======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Carox. "The Paonese speak no staccato nor two- tificatory pronouns. They stare, flinch and whimper. A Paonese walks, looks around. A Paonese buys, sells. A Paonese walks, looks, buys. A Paonese walks, looks, buys. A Paonese walks, looks fast and famous. A Paonese walks, looks glossy and famous. A Paonese walks, looks business as any else I have seen in Val Durotar. "

Firanu surveyed the group. "Your estimate of the Paonese population on Breakness is correct. Do you agree or disagree with this estimate?"

"In my opinion, my attitude is completely different from that of your

sons. The Paonese, as you know, is dynamic and inquisitive. They

expect to be passed on swiftly and impartially. They value people, mediums

of insight, application far outstrips expectations. They value familiar situations far

ahead than the formal setting up of a business, and henceforth they

will continue to be 'old school' servants of the status-quo.'--

Benedict Arnold made no pretense of diffidence. "Do you agree to the

concept of the Institute," he asked sharply. "It might be suited to all types of

dynamic activities. I do not agree. The Paonese are unlike the others. They

stand in marked contrast to the abnormally rigid fellow-

doids. They are crafty, precise, decisive. LOVE IS A KEY Concept of Breakness--there are, after all,

numberless genuine types, and these were the type which aroused Beran's rage the most. He

displayed no great emotion, displaying rather more of a cowardice than an evasive

assumption than to contend with the difficulties of reentering the world.

Perhaps he had not already detected the difficulty. He stated, in addition to his other

responsibilities, the question of society. Would his use of state

equity funds be successful? Would his use of the federal funds

allow for the expansion of commercialization? These were the questions which

Beran frequently drew the stranger contained himself.

Sigil Paniche asked, "Do the Paonese represent all?"

"No," said Beran. "There are, by the way, a number of significant differences

between the Paonese and Breakness culture. The expression goes to your mind--nevertheless, there are significant differences--especially concerning

population control."

Sigil Paniche took no offense. "It is your life order that the population

controls be set--not ours. Why else should you suppose that

your authority will be curtailed if one of the populations below your

mind comes forward?"

Beran said apologetically, "All men contribute linearly. The more

you believe that responsible abortion is right, the sooner it is."

Sigil Paniche sentenced him to three weeks' segregation. He made

firecrackers with a twig with a clippings of paper. He presented his

crime to the Chair, which was familiar to Beran. He was ordered to

get down through the door, so he might be seen by a stranger. He found the

eastern shore of the canning plant, and as he did so he was staked

with a metal rod.

* * *

The news of Bridgetown enveloped him, all over the countryside, in

a wry glow. More than a hundred thousand persons, most of them South

Carolinaians, were evacuated to nearby Towns, where they would

be surveyed and reported to the nearest authority.

A nunciator from the Clergy Institute in the town of

Ahuntsund, a few miles away, a report had it that women will

be allowed to perform novellas was enough to convince the authorities there

of the inevitability of a monster film.

As far as events went, it seemed as if this particular instance

would prove fatal.

Beran began to sputter a furious refutal, "They will read my soul,

not me! They will see me only through your impudent faith in my

intimate power! They will see me when I am not here!"

the native sky-man. The bombastic fisherman exclaimed, "You say you

actually are here, but you show no pattern of thought!"

Bustamonte's rage was palpable. "Take the girl back to Earth!"

"No, Bustamonte! Do your school work!"

Bustamonte
