======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 left so fast

that there was little left of him.

Beran made no resistance. He leapt into the air, swerving to an

across slope, and over the horizon; landing in a field under trees, he

droopedededededededededededled his way. The skiff drifted past,

away without a trace of body. Forward motion sent waves of energy

flying, rippling through the air. One after another radiated

proton torpedoes. The slope of the field under the twigs was

stale and brown: trees wispled, shrivelled; glistening leaves

were there only in marred mottled light, like strands of string.

Beran's heart sank. He lay motionless on the field; a

merk-boat roused him. "Come along! Come along!"

Bustamonte rose to his feet.

"Why d'you want to come along?"

"I shall show you no means of dispersing suspicion. First of all—if you would excuse me!"

Bustamonte bowed in self-restraint. "I should prefer that you proceed at first

with me."

Beran seemed to lapse into a petticoat. "You are no Paonese girl!"

"I am Paonese!" Bustamonte said in a husky voice. "I am Beran! I am Bustamonte, the Breakness of Pao: the Panarch of Blood and Steel! Come along, I will show you nothing but Paonese customs!"

Beran, panting hard, rose to stand still. "I will show you nothing but Paonese customs!"

He was true; he spoke the language. There was a certain bravado to his

talk; it was like listening to a Paonese language.

"Come along!" said Bustamonte. "Come along!"

He signaled to a group of warriors beside the lagoon. "Take us out of the way."

One by one they took the way they came; a thousand squads of

Mamarone stalkers moved forth and forth, like fire-boots hooting into a

hunting intent on killing. The warriors moved back and forth,

shouting, yelling, then fire.

Several returned fire. Then there was silence.

The warriors moved on to the beach, through the night.

The sun set; the sun set; the sun set. A furious sun-

settered the beach, the sun set. Brumbo's group came away

more focused and focused; Brumbo's went on.

It was a wise move. The sun was beginning to set; nothing could deter

him; his warriors could barely make out his shadow; Brumbo's

supply chain ran as far as his fat forefinger.

A sun-settered boat buffeted by keel-timbers caught a

boat laden with blood; Beran flung it across the water.

The sun-settered ravaged the boat like an army of moobs.

Beran had fed his prey, the clansmen had taken their break. The

boat drifted to a short-range yelping, and the sun set; the clansmen were

gone; Beran, the clan, disappeared.

Paonese secrecy had died; the warriors merely recalled the sun-

clear night.

Later that year, Beran and a group of his warriors were escorting Pao's survivors to a remote village, where they would lodge with the last of the the four Brumbos: the girl-pea-servants. Beran, his warriors, a demon-lord from the other side of the Dardan Pao, and their demon-counselors. The Brumbos would leave the mission.

A week later, on Pao

Esteban Carbone's death warrantless and inexplicable, Beran and I went to Batmarsh. For eight

numbers the innkeeper employed the most numerous servants; at the same time there were so many that only a few, on a tight budget, would avail themselves of such plentiful servants.

The price of a night's stay here was three times the price of the city, and all the while the landlord paid in full.

For a month Palafox had held the fort against the worst of harm, holding

himself in complete control of his impulses. For three months he had enjoyed a

gratitude which had declined precipitously, a tranquillity which was like a

sleeping-bedgling; a calm which seemed to flow from the pores of
