======== SAMPLE 1 ========
; it was as if Palafox stood in front of him, his heart-speeders beating.

He felt like a skeleton eeling jowl when he remembered.

He looked up, calm once more, signaled to his sons. "Kill this man, here

and now. No longer shall he breathe the air of my planet."

There was a sound at the door. The lock whirred, the door slid back. In

the opening stood two neutraloids, and, between them, Lord Palafox.

Beran came hopefully forward--but the attitudes of the three halted him.

The neutraloids shoved Palafox forward. The door whirred shut. Beran

stood in the center of the room, crestfallen and dejected.

Palafox glanced around the room, seeming instantly to appraise every

detail. He put his ear to the door, listened, then took three long elastic

strides to the window. He looked out. Nothing to be seen, only stars and

surf. He touched his tongue to a key area on the inside of his cheek; an

infinitesimal voice, that of the Eiljanre announcer, spoke inside his inner

ear. The voice was excited. "Word has reached us from Ayudor

Bustamonte on Pergolai: serious events! In the treacherous attack upon

Panarch Aiello, the Medallion was likewise injured, and his survival is not

at all likely! The most expert doctors of Pao are in constant attendance.

Ayudor Bustamonte asks that all join to project a wave of hope for the

stricken Medallion!"

Palafox extinguished the sound with a second touch of his tongue; he

turned to Beran, motioned. Beran came a step or two closer. Palafox bent to

his ear, whispered, "We're in danger. Whatever we say is heard. Don't talk, just watch me--and move quickly when I give the signal!"

Beran nodded. Palafox made a second inspection of the room, rather

more slowly than before. As he went about his survey, a section of the door

became transparent; an eye peered through.

In sudden annoyance Palafox raised his hand, then restrained himself.

After a moment the eye disappeared, the wall became once more opaque.

Palafox sprang to the window; he pointed his forefinger. A needle of

incandescence darted forth, cut a hissing slot through the cleax. The

Beran. Standing in the starlight, darker than the darkness, they argued in their soft voices, and presently reached a decision. Their voices ceased;

they themselves slid away through the night.

THE PAONESE, in spite of their fifteen billion, comprised as

undifferentiated a group as could be found in the human universe.

Nevertheless, to the Paonese the traits in common were taken for granted

and only the distinctions, minuscule though they were, attracted attention.

In this fashion the people of Minamand--and especially those in the

capitol city of Eiljanre--were held to be urbane and frivolous. Hivand,

flattest and most featureless of the continents, exemplified bucolic naiveté.

The people of Nonamand, the bleak continent to the South, bore the

reputation of dour thrift and fortitude; while the inhabitants of Vidamand,

who grew grapes and fruits, and bottled almost all the wine of Pao, were

considered large-hearted and expansive.

For many years, Bustamonte had maintained a staff of secret informants,

Stationed through the eight continents. Early in the morning, walking the

airy gallery of the Pergolai lodge, he was beset by worry. Events were not

proceeding at their optimum. Only three of the eight continents seemed to

be accepting him as de facto Panarch. These were Vidamand, Minamand

and Dronomand. From Aimand, Shraimand, Nonaman, Hivand and

Impland, his agents reported a growing tide of recalcitrance.

There was no suggestion of active rebellion, no parades or public

meetings. Paonese dissatisfaction expressed itself in surliness, a work-

slowdown throughout the public services, dwindling cooperation with civil

service. It was a situation which in the past had led to a breakdown of the

economy and a change of dynasty.

Bustamonte cracked his knuckles
