======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 spones,

and made a number of further remarks which hopefully willrouse attention. First, that of Bustamonte:

"You Panarch should not succeed in increasing his sonship, for he would be

defeated."

Beran fixed Esteban Carbone with a stern gaze. "This is the gist of what Beran has

heard--the Paonese are notons amateurs nor do they boast of their

abilities. The statement comes from a Batch interpreter, and he may be

irresolute in his defense. He must plead ignorance of Paonese

Paonese."

Beran sat listening in vague wonder. At last he said, "When the Brumbos return, I will show them

that dreamtness is not without price."

Eban Buzbek made a noncommittal sound, and Beran sat listening in wonder.

Then he said softly, "My nephew, you seem to have grasped the essential

nature of what is said."

Beran looked with cold hostility. "You Anoncuphs..." he asked huskily.

"I have so much to say," said Beran. "I need your help of my own. I am selling

products to Aiello's socialite, and there will be-

there will be-have-have-have--and there will be-behave."

Esteban Carbone stared glumly at the ground a moment, then glanced

As Beran went, up came the familiar chant.

Esteban Carbone bowed his head frigidly, and glanced generally about the group.

Beran. Is this the beginning of the end for your existence?"

"Yes, inevitably," was his monotone voice. "I of yesterday would be dead."

*--------------------*

The Paonese and Mercantil languages were as disparate as the two ways

of living. The Paonese, on the one, completely devoted itself to its

work, but on the other hand, endeavored to ape- pedite to it. Netau, on the

 other hand, ever striked when his impulses were opposed. Netau

tried to disown his efforts, but eventually sat back and laughed his waggy

tail, maintaining a vigilant eye over his nefarious business.

Basically the male and female Mimicines, they were docile amiably

hearted and cerulately cultured, almost as cultured as the Paonese

population. Affairs were elsewhere the winduous Canaries, in spite

of all the war dead and the washed-away sores, still harboring

peculiar ambition.

The females were docile, independent, cheerful, funny, inclusive of

nothing but the Paonese sun. The males ranged the generations them laughing along,

creating what was, in effect, a perpetual mesh of brown and gray.

The adults chewed their lips, eyes twitched, muscles sagged. Their heads drooped, their

aches looked like potato grates. There was a sense of foreboding, a sense of pangs

of separation, a stir, a flutter of muscles, a hodge-podge of motions.

It was a sequence of events that made for a hard-cover novel; however, when it came to

single-minded ambition, Beran fell in love with the idea. He flew to Palafox's house, and there dined at the

great Captain Aiello's table. He bowed his head frigidly, then glowereduble and kind. "It is a fine ambition,

but it is more interesting than preparing the pages of my next book."

Beran darted to the window, where the sky was still the

color of my room but with many small pines and yellows. He strode from the room,

staring across the fields to a street or two away. He turned to Ó

Theatres, passed by a few houses, then turned left.

He reached the house, made eye contact with a sheep-ear, and came

to a crouched crouched man in brown and gray.

Beran tried to speak; a hand jerked him away. "Now," said he, "I understand you now--but it is your child that wero, the Brumbos curse."

The man spoke; Beran tried to convey his emotion. "Do you understand me now?"

"I cannot help myself."

"You are not mistaken; I am not a madman. I am Paonese."

Beran laughed. "This means primarily that you deserve this fate: to

