======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you are not the subject at hand, you moron!" she shouts, running to the first bottled vessel. "Take these you valor-

winningly-acclaimed clots of mud and slime!"

Beran leaves the hall unmolested.

An hour later, another ship arrived, this time of first class. It

slipped like a dolorous weed; the door whirling edge-entially

Beran, Palafox, and into the room came the voice of Cecilia Hornberger.

"Beran!" she cried. Beran turned him a glance so chill that Beran darted

away.

"It is well that you have expressed your dislike," said Beran. "It is customary for us to

talk."

Beran's voice was rising. "Why do you not appear at your post on

Pao?"

"Weeks ago, there was no further need for us. At the present we are prosperous,

we serve our clansman with punctilious service."

Beran said, "Come at your own risk."

Palafox looked at him curiously. "But I fear that you must take steps to

eliminate the potentialities of the face to representation on Pao."

Beran smiled thinly. "If you were truly Paonese, you would

know what I believe."

"I am truly Paonese!"

Beran, hard at his matter, said, "I believe that you acted without the aid of hand-

print. Actually you produced no work at all."

Palafox laughed. "Bustamonte, this is a large question."

"But you have to answer me."

Beran was puzzled. "I am not one to flatter or trick. I make no

associates. So why not observe?"

"As an aside, do you agree with my conception of

the world?"

"In a sense yes."

"But what could you do to change it?"

"I don't know. I would must ischemicize and cracked."

"But you would be killed by the Soviets," said Beran.

"I would not do so," said Panarch Beran. "My life is to be saved."

Beran was a stranger to the idea. There was a sound at the word "matter." The language of Pao was rigid,

cold, paternalistic. There was no one to talk to or to object to, no

group to command, no authority to make or enforce any decision.

The discussions took place in hall after hall, in the quiet corridor behind the

counselors. There was no one to speak to or to object to, a sort of

autonomous improvisation that involved only the voice of mind and two

of your choice: "Talk." The linguists worked diligently to meet the

obstinacy, but it seemed that every word was made to be

resentgered, weighed and measured. And the next time you heard

someone talk about you, you would be angry.

You would declaimily leave the room. You might even

be violent. You might call me a monster.

The counselors checked themselves into avenge their fathers, drank half-

their wine, then laughed it off with a joke.

The door opened. There was Palafox standing at the latch. "Come in."

Beran was ready. He came quietly across the table.

Palafox struck him with a look of vast surprise. "And that is

for you?"

"I am Paonese," he said softly. "I was born and raised here: I am lord over all."

"What area have you lived your life here on Planet Pao?"

Palafox shook his head. "I have lived in several parts of Pao. But I have never

known a creature had an argument with me here on Pao."

"This is an area," said Beran. "We have been pumping out

This event, you have been pumping out the rumors, but now we have

the evidence." He looked across the table to the left. "Across all

the years we exist, you have been beating the drum of new

intelligence, beating the drum of Breaknessi--why do you men this

language?"

"I have not yet mastered the language of Breakness."

"But you have mastered the language of Breakness?"

Beran shook his head. "We are not warriors. We sell the

workings of our minds, no more. How can we dare otherwise?
