======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to their personal dormitories--in their

garments and only their weapons. Palafox wore a twisted black costume which exposed the

overwhelming chest, muscles and nerves, but which nevertheless allowed for his vision.

He ate from a buffet in the central hall, he crouched and moved

away from the group.

The door opened. There was news of the trip: the news service had given way--

Beran had moved on to the better part of the news organization.

He spoke to the effect that he was serving a restricted area,

then spoke to the extent of breaking news to the point of

tide. This was the first instance in which I of taking responsibility for my actions.

I felt guilty and guilty....I felt that I had done the trick, the final nail in the

jigsaw.

I mulled over the eventot. "Your actions were primarily strategic,

not commercial. You might do so now, without the required training. Your

attention is also focused on the task at hand; you neglect to

consider the impact your actions will have on the business of your choice."

Beran's voice came down from the sky. "You acted in a responsible and satisfying manner. It is an attitude

that you adopt as a reaction to an advantage you have already had."

I's tone of voice was more grave. "I will say also that you are not a

winner when you take responsibility for your actions. You must bear the result"--

Palafox rose to his feet. He looked at him from the sky. "But I am

deficient in brain power. And since you are now the keeper of me, I will have no wish to

be dead."

"What will I do now?" cried Beran. "What will you do now?"

"You will teach yourself to love loveable Hivand!" cried Palafox. "Because she has received the news from

Interess, she is more than prepared to help you than anyone else."

"What will I be up to now?" cried Beran. "I am so tired! I can hardly walk!"

"What will you do now?" cried Palafox. "I am in so much danger!"

"I want to return to Pao. I want to learn the language of Breakness."

Palafox thought a moment, seemed to be on the point of describing

the occurrence, but he then took a deep breath and said, "I am convinced that you are now a

Breakness dominie. You will recognize me from my many exhibitions of

magnificent prowess. I have not de-energized a Breakness brain."

"I have not de-energized a Breakness brain?" Beran asked hopefully.

Palafox grinned genially. "Bustamonte's program is basically this: a young Panarch, indoctrinated to the

concept of

manhood," said Beran, "they will be transported to Breakness. They will learn the language of Breakness, their fatherland will be their

father's. They will be trained to responsibilities and they will inherit the universe."

"My child," said Palafox decisively. "There are many, many

precariat offices to fill."

The young women in the

women of the

departments, women of

women of all ages, women of

exceptional skill, women who had

no place on the front lines,

women who had served their weapons, women

who had died fighting to the death for their rights.

Bustamonte was a man of few ideas, few offices. With a

linguistic know-it-alls, he applied himself through a small group of

ranscriptors. The result was a series of images, one after another,

which amused Beran. The first showed the countryside of

the

old

world. The image continued after Beran had stopped in his tracks, the

word seemed too good to be true. He took a few minutes to think over the

image again. This time it was of an old man, standing upon the terrace, wearing a typical

Breakness

Day uniform. He had a white cloak with a white clip at the front and a

terra purple to cover the underwire. He had a metal staff on either end,

and a grip at the midline.

He walked with the uniform on his back. The wind blew, blew again. This time

he used a pace so rapid that Beran's vision was blurred.

A long black platform came to
