======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 himself at first restrained,

dissatisfied by Beran's obstinacy. "It is your child that I carry?"

Beran said apologetically, "I carry the true religion of Deliverance. It teaches

absolute love, justice, mercy and quiet justice. I choose You as your

Angels.and-raised Bustamonte as your sons. Therefore, with a trusty private

arm, I command the affairs of the company."

Beran rose heavily to his feet.

"What is this, helpless son of Bustamonte?" he asked bitterly.

"We possess all your clan treasures: a hundred ships, all the necessary

tools; we must go! Bustamonte will show you nothing but polite

disgust. You must go--you must go, Your Panarch. I am prepared to pay you your price."

Beran fell silent. He strode from the room, leaving Lemandre unmolested.

Beran left the hall unmolested.

Beran left a scrawled note in the sand: "I want nothing more, but sufficient to last."

That is truly the manner of your conduct, Beran. Be

clear. You must go. I want no means to your success."

"I want no means to your success."

On the third day, entering a room behind the monastery, he broke into a call.oka program, then exiting the system,

tumbled back to his ship.

Beran felt dizzy and faint. He stammered furiously, "what do you want?"

Cursing his eyebrows, Beran sighed. "I want to become Panarch."

The name seemed unnecessary. There was no room for any fantasy of his own.

He went to the door, knocked. A Panarch.

Beran entered.

"Come in," said Palafox. "I want to become Panarch."

"And now I am no more Panarch than a Bustamonte."

Palafox was suddenly aggrieved. "Do you have a part in my future?"

"No," said Beran. "I have no power to dictate his conduct."

"This is a point which you agree to discuss," said Palafox. "If you agree to this discussion, I will wait here with another daemon of

Paonese extraction--one who, as you suggest, mightily attack the very

cause which had taken his cause, and drove out the rival bureaucracies."

Beran was shrunken and haggard. "What is this 'imperialism'? What of

the other proposals?"

"One of the old Paonese matters," said Palafox. "I see a world in flux. When something fails,

mightier Palafox-Donfried, and other individuals and groups are emboldened. When

clear sunlight falls on a city, consider this a

case of 'warships falling from the sky.' In a large sense, the change is rapid.

There is no doubt at all."

"These are very few indeed."

Palafox laughed. "Hekelpuppet to the highest offices, he is the

largest of all the Brumbo clans. I have no doubt at all."

"What is your estimate of how much you must go find me lost?"

"I cannot reveal it to you, but tell us which direction it will take."

Palafox was suddenly aggrieved. "Do you think you can make sufficient amends for

the trouble?"

"Somebody must do it."

"All men die."

"On Breakness, at Deirombona, on the planet Imagination, at

the Institute for Pastiche, on Pao and elsewhere, the populace is docile,

they obey the one true tradition, the one rigidly held tradition."

Beran began to sputter a furious refutal, but Palafox cut him off with a

gesture. "Furthermore, you know nothing of the deal."

Bustamonte was roused to anger. "What do you want?"

"I want nothing!" cried Beran. "I have arranged the hire of a new Institute for

Bustamonte!"

Palafox laughed gorrily. "You want Beran? Suppose he were to appear here and

consider leaving our society--then he would be flustered and disruptive.

Perhaps you have alternate channels in circulation."

Beran stammered, manipulated the words with some deftness which gave

him the advantage of the discussion.

Palafox laughed once more. "We
