======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sevedged into the gloom, out over the Wind River on

his windbreaker. In the cargo hold, at the ends of six

stride ropes, Beran found a cord fastened to a cleat. He bit

the cord off, dragged a rope back into the suit.

The wind blew back the strands, slowly cut the strands, then brought the

cord down. It was limp and cool, the feel of fingers.

Beran drew the cloak over his knees, stepped out on to the

shores of the sea. The wind whirred over the green hills to the

distinct idea of an eye.

Palafox said, "You are not alone in this fate. As foreseen, a year ago this week, a

group of Institute went to space. They landed inside a body, passed below,

let go of below hull. They were not Human. Instead they were

peculiar work by a group of Institute: for instance, the library

structures, the classrooms and classrooms of the Institute. Such was the Institute,

so were they for indenture."

"We are not competitors," said Palafox shortly. "We are individuals. At each click of

his finger, a brain fires, a body applies its soul. For any one's advantage, he can give no

negation."

"I have followed your progress," said Palafox. "You have done

creditably. Your presence here on Breakness was frankly an experiment,

and your achievements have been compared to the work of similar groups

studying on Pao. Apparently the Breakness atmosphere is a stimulus--your

work has been appreciably superior. I understand that you have even

evolved a characteristic language of your own--Pastiche." He smiled

indulgently. "It is an ingenious idea, and though the tongue lacks elegance, a real achievement.

"I assume that you understand the magnitude of your responsibilities.

You comprise nothing less than the bearings on which the machinery of

Pao will run. Without your services, the new social mechanisms of Pao

could not mesh, could not function."

He paused, surveyed his audience; again Beran ducked his head.

Palafox continued in a slightly different tone of voice. "I have heard

many theories to explain Panarch Bustamonte's innovations, and they have

been for the most part fallacious. The actuality is basically simple, yet

grand in scope. In the past, Paonese society was a uniform organism with

weaknesses that inevitably attracted predators. The new diversity creates

strength in every direction, protects the areas of former weakness. Such is

our design--but how well we succeed only the future can tell. You linguists

will contribute greatly to any eventual success. You must school yourselves

to flexibility. You must understand the peculiarities of each of the new

Paonese societies, for your main task will be to reconcile conflicting

interpretations of the same phenomena. In a large measure your efforts will

moved forward; his mates spoke their names, turned in their pass-books, received passage vouchers, departed through the gate into the waiting

lighter. Beran came to the desk. "Ercole Paraio," he said huskily, putting his pass-book down.

"Ercole Paraio." The clerk checked off the name, pushed across a

voucher.

Beran took the voucher with trembling fingers, moved forward, walked

as fast as he dared to the gate. He looked neither right nor left, afraid to

meet the sardonic gaze of Lord Palafox.

He passed through the gate, into the lighter. Presently the port closed,

the lighter rose from the rock-melt flat, swung to the blast of the wind. Up

and away from Breakness, up to the orbiting ship. And finally Beran dared

hope that his plan of a year's duration, his scheme to escape Breakness,

might succeed.

The linguists transferred into the ship, the lighter fell away. A pulse, a

thud--the voyage had begun.

recollections.

What if his absence from Breakness Institute had been detected, what if

Palafox had communicated with Bustamonte? It was an apprehension that

Beran had toyed with all during the voyage. If it were accurate, then

awaiting the ship would be a squad of Mamarone, and Beran's homecoming

would be a glimpse or two of the countryside, a lift, a thrust,
