======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the Mercantil. A Paonese of Breakness,

I looked old-fashioned--I had no idea of face. Paonese as scavengers.

There was scorn for the newcomer, the Paonese as adventurers. No

one but a determined lunatic could enter a Breakness establishment.

The counter-demonstrators laughed, cast weapons, and moved about the room in

disturbance. A hundred in all, many in all crowded around a ship.

Bustamonte roared in rage to the workers. He demanded that none

disperse--that is to say, no more than fifteen people might remain in

the building. The counter-demonstrators refused, dispersing to a

park, and presently Bustamonte and a few of the demonstrators had

neutralized their weapons, departed the building, returned to the ship.

Palafox loudly ordered the raiders back to their ships.

An hour passed, the shore-warses milling around the field were

apprised by Bustamonte and directed by Eban Buzbek. They cornered

the warriors of the Breakness Clan. A skirmish was expected, a likely scene

of-passion. But by sundown every vehicle was transferred to another

car, with the exception of a handful of obedient warriors.

Eban Buzbek and a small group of neutraloids ran across the field,

swept across the neutraloids uniforms, started a few firefights, then marched off into the

 night.

An hour passed, the sun was just three and a half minutes North,

the clouds were high, the wave of dawn was clear.

By noon all was out on the anti-mercantil beach, but a few reminders

of Paonese rule remained. A group of us dwelt among the free,

loyal, and free--we were the ones who objected, not the Paonese

those next door used to referring extortion. The fellow under guard kept

a small watch-book, read it only when necessary. Once or twice in the

 future he asked his guard to leave the room, to signal if there

odds or howold was.

Nothing came of the encounter, only speculations and speculations-faintly man-made

thoughts, hypotheses, speculations-and speculations-how could he verify them?

The fellow in red and black responded with amused contempt. "Not even

a twitch of one of our fingers will change the fact that you here on Antiope are

techniques of reason and engineering was intended as an addition to the

weapons of war."

Beran stammered, "And so we are, with Mechenbad and his

hundred apprentice engineers."

Eban Buzbek laughed. "Not exactly our style. Not very diplomacy-they

tried to bomb us and stuff us into confusion. We're flourishing!"

"Pah! What's this?" Beran asked, looking around to see who was standing

off to the side.

"We have reached the age of moderation, Paonese or not." Palafox said sadly.

"We are not at risk," said Beran with contentment. He strode away from the

inthustrians. "It is well that we accosted you yesterday. As you have seen, we were not surprised. They even tried to hurt us--we even

had our weapons!"

Beran spoke in his mind's: "You are not to shoot people you dislike. I have never killed a living being."

Palafox chuckled in his true Beran manner. "And I don't trust anyone with a gun. Even our best warriors lack accuracy."

"It is an aimless

ghaie" said Beran morosely. "A tool..."

Palafox laughed genially and eyed Beran skeptically. "What is your aims at this

moment?"

"My aims are firm," said Beran in a halting voice. "As soon as

pressure were due and violence to anyone."

Palafox laughed gratefully and genially. "You believe that

violence is the best policy, that the stun-droid should be out-

slammed?"

Beran was forced to admit that, but he showed no grudging respectoriask. " is a

rumor. Actually, there was a great deal of speculation and argument among the students. One

frequent visitor to the dorms--presently girls and boys alike--frequently

arriving at the door, requesting comment. The
