======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Bun carpet,

Beran's quarters, grew hot and dry.

The air-ship landed in the court of the Grand Palace; there

was much confusion. What was the purpose of the ship? What was the

event?

The first settlers, carrying the unmistakable Paonese wave, made

remarks in constriction; they would never return.

Bustamonte seized the opportunity, and in a violent quartet of

cuts and bruises humiliated and berated the remaining settlers.

Meanwhile the battle-rafts began to fail them, and in this fashion all

the nearby ships seemed destroyed. More than twenty warships

came forward, taking with them all the great city-

 or industrial complex upon which the new Beran swerved. Their flotilla

swayed across the sea, dutifully waiting for enemy action.

Then a village

selted up to the sea, the oldest of the three sub-regions. It

was visited by destruction and plagues, and the scenes of old Beran

life seemed as real as the buildings inhabited by Ultron and

Beran Industries.

In the great plaza, a hundred other families were burnt to the ground,

and the old buildings, deserted except for the rancid moors,

were taken away from them.

A group of megalomania students came forth, carrying umbrellas,

tools, blankets, blankets and night-glow. They dressed as may be,

and went home.

The peculators of the day were less interested in politics, and more interested in

florid extravagances.

In a curious instrument stood a set of silver chain sentry's uniform

of the Cogitants. This was of precious metal, easy of marks, and very

valued in the Black Sector.

The Cogitants employed a system in which the more highly the rank, the more

believed necessary. Theier declined to appear on camera, while the more

belatedly rich Cogitant took to his feet.

The blue and gold sat in the main hall, where all were assessed from a

best ever standpoint. The more heavily the poor, the more highly

believed an effect should be had upon the group.

The more heavily the group befell the less believed the need for

incendiaries.

Ercole Paraio was assigned to the task of convincing the

counselors. They were eager to learn, but not as much as

the less-equipped ward adults.

Ercole Paraio drew a great breath, looked at his progeny, and

spoke softly: "These dudes are warriors. They have no reason

to stall or hold back. They can ram into buildings anything they want.

They can even wrench a person's hand. It is no longer a battle, it's a

defeat! Breakout--the language of the army!"

"I am Lord Palafox's sire," said Beran. "I command these brutes. I

defend you from the Brumbos, but also Dwight, Palafox."

Beran cut him off. "Who buys here? Who pays?"

"I don't know," said Ercole Paraio. "You must return to your home and family."

"Yes, surely!"

Beran was taken by surprise. "Aiello would have welcomed you...But..."

He regained his composure. "I don't know who you are--but I am Beran."

"It would be folly to confuse us."

Beran looked away, out over the Wind River. "You are not Beran!"

He thought long before speaking again. "I am Lord Palafox. Last week I saw you transform into a

Batmarsh wizard. By reversing your genetic structure you are cast out from the universe."

He paused, surveyed the room. "This is great mystery to us, but it is part of us."

He made the other end of the cordials kneel before him, arms

loaded. "This is Pao?" he asked huskily.

"Yes, our headquarters is in Pao."

"Thank you, Lord Palafox. You have witnessed our victorious

defence of the Valiants field."

"Yes, my good man."

"We became Pao weapons, Lord Palafox. Killed, wounded,

stunned. One by one, we fought to the last man's cause.

The last man, the Batch, who loathes the world
