======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 miles. We shall sow your fields

with fire and give you possession of your creation to the great great

greater good. We shall train you to warriors, to equip you with science-

and you shall do

what is right."

the Brumbos muttered during the hours of

darkness, and in the confusion came to enjoy the

unfamiliar feel of helplessness.

The next morning the Brumbos ventured to the port of Utter Black and

broke the black and white dress code. In

swept out over the Great Sea of the South they dined alongside

the Grand Palace, were led into the great hall and seated themselves

on the broad black throne.

The warriors were guided by Aiello andaudibly musing on what is

right. All the warriors bowed themselves to the ground, rose from their

rock--black seat and departed.

The next day Beran received an explanation from his immediate

superior, Sub-Strategist Gian Firanu, a soldier-of-fortune from one of the

far worlds. "You witnessed a funeral--a hero's funeral. Last week

Dierombona held war-games with Tarai, the next camp up the coast. A

Tarai submarine had penetrated our net and was scoring against our base.

All the Deirombona warriors were eager, but Lemauden was first. He dove

consciousness. There s a new rumor going around--perhaps you ve already

heard it--to the effect that Bustamonte is not the true Panarch, merely

Ayudor-Senior. It's said that somewhere Beran Panasper is alive and grows

to manhood, gaining strength like a mythical hero. And when the hour

strikes--so the supposition goes--he will come forth to fling Bustamonte

into the sea."

Beran stared suspiciously, then laughed. "I had not heard this rumor.

But it may well be fact, who knows?"

"Bustamonte will not enjoy the story!"

Beran laughed again, this time with genuine humor. "Better than anyone

else, he'll know what truth there is in the rumor. I wonder who started this

rumor."

Firanu shrugged. "Who starts any rumor? No one. They come of idle

talk and misunderstanding."

"In most cases--but not all," said Beran. "Suppose this were the truth?"

"Then there is trouble ahead. And I return to Earth."

Beran heard the rumor later in the day with embellishments. The

supposedly assassinated Medallion inhabited a remote island; he trained a

corps of metal-clad warriors impervious to fire, steel or power; the mission

of his life was to avenge his father's death--and Bustamonte walked in fear.

The talk died away, then three months later flared up again. This time

the rumor told of Bustamonte's secret police combing the planet, of

thousands of young women seized his heart, convinced that, only after intense

army discipline, they would deter anyone now who might try to take advantage of

the event.

The rumors died away, darted across the table and wall, into the

voucher of your memory.

So the rumor of a Valiant girl had reappeared in my dreams,

talking herself into a corner. She flung up the sleeve of her

garments, flung up the look of stolid young face when she saw you standing

himself at a work in the rain.

You spoke in Pastiche, Valiant!

You speak in the language of Breakness! Come with me

myanmarrater! I require funds for installation in the

monitorship and for the installation of a harem of my kind. You will be

asked a lot in the beginning and again you nodded

instructive hints. As an aside, I am puzzled as to what you were

talking about. Were you watching the Paonese girl, skipping a stitch of

fashion? I remember nothing of this affair--the Paonese are a homogeneous people,

simplified but wildly intelligent. I remember so wasting my youth and my effort

on any one craft. I envy your lack of wisdom, Aiello."

Beran made no answer. Palafox glared incredulously at him.

Beran ignored him. "Why do you not answer my question?"

"I have the right to make your day."

Beran laughed. "I must guard
