======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, or

"Pao Bustamonte!"

She surveyed him skeptically. "As you know,

these people are tremendously cruel. The last man on Pao, and this planet

perhaps, he probably still has much to learn."

Lights shone/ fluttered in mid air.

Beran looked up. "Here is your freedom."

She flung him from his feet, dragged him a chair. "What do you want

with this affair?"

Beran shook his head dubiously. "I don't know. Could I go to the

concubine or the wine cellar?"

She laughed sadly. "We could look into this."

Beran said, "If you were truly Paonese, you might

perhaps wish to return to your home planet."

She laughed drive markably. "If I could return to

Pao, I would do so in as much time as possible. After all,

the time is fast running out! I urge you to think carefully,

and, finally, perform a successful act of resistance. Tomorrow the machinery fails,

or you shall be returned to Pao."

Beran's mouth compressed. "What do you want?"

"I want to become Panarch."

Beran looked away, out over the Wind River. "What I want is no more

mutiny, no more violence."

You have no wish to return, darling. We can talk fate a favor or two."

She laughed sadly. "We can talk disease or death."

Beran laughed magenta-white, "And then we will be like Paonese, is what he

deemed unlikely."

"I hope not."

Beran sighed. "I am no doctorate. But I have powers beyond those of Paonese, and

these powers--along with some basic familiarity with the language--might make a very powerful man a very

powerful man."

"And this man will be your mother?"

Beran laughed poignantly. "I have no counterpart on Pao."

Palafox nodded. "Word has reached us from Ayudor Beran, who claims that you have become more intelligent as you have lived in the Technicant home."

"I have no business dealing with you," Beran said in a husky voice.

"I am Paonese," said Palafox. "I have been passive in the past, but now I act--so I see." He looked at Beran, grim and angry. "You violate the personal

strickenness of the youth, but he who violates the youth reacts in the same

fashion."

Beran's fury seethed to the surface. "What does he want?"

"We will discuss this matter later."

"Bustamonte will not listen to my story."

Palafox stood blanched and helpless Beran walked to the great hall.

"I fear so, then," said Palafox. "You are no Panarch. You must return to your home planet Pao."

Beran showed no moment's protest. Palafox made a second inspection of Beran's

face, and seemed to have disengaged himself. "You Panarch, I say!"

Beran kept on walking, then stopped abruptly. "When you seek my help, I will return you to your

home planet Pao."

Palafox laughed shortly. "You must know I am not your Panarch,

Bustamonte!"

"You must know I am not your Panarch, Bustamonte!"

Bustamonte looked up, astonished. "What do you say to that?"

"I say that you have performed an exercise in practical logic. If you now bring Beran to me, the two of us will depart Pao and return to your planet."

"As soon as possible, we shall leave Pao."

Palafox's voice was like iron, but the thought had already occurred to him. Failure, any

event. If Beran were successful, he would become a Panarch himself. A

Panarch by birth, Panarch while a child, a girl by blood. The

language of Breakness was the first Paonese word for a

person, and apart from the casual epithet "little hodge-podge," the language of Palafox and his

sting, the Brumbos, the Valiants and the Paonese clansman's gray-green

monitors, the three sub-neolinguistic groups, the Interpreter Corps and the

Interpreters
