======== SAMPLE 1 ========
an. A small boat arrived at the port, and

Aiello came forth.

"Paonese: welcome. Aiello, I am glad to see you. The energy into which your body is subjected has been

quenched, and the effects harmless. Truly an achievement! Truly I have seen

before that you are a young manized race, and capable of crushing a

forty-five billion Vigiers.

"Now, Lord Palafox, I take personally the fate of this place-

Beran. There will be trouble, and the favor will be lessened. Then there will be

peace." His voice was rising, his words reflecting life and death.

"I count you men; one moment they stand in my way, and

martyred, then committed suicide. Aged not even fourteen, he seemed

young and innocent enough at the time.

"In retrospect, your decision to sponsor the attempted robbery of

the Institute presents a number of significant issues. The first is the question of indenture.

you will be accorded complete control of the project. You will serve

Beran effectively as Panarch. If Beran fails to obey, you will be

force-fed chaos."

Beran jumped into his seat. "I cannot vouch for the correctness of your

interpretation, but the thought seems natural. To Beran the idea is profound: a ruler whomoltsontheraft, you attempt to free a child of his

assigned will. To the non-Renaissance Brumbos, it appears as if Beran were preparing a

punicide operation. On closer examination, however, the theory seems rather more abstract. The

Bridgestone civilisation arose from the destruction of several billion

year by nuclear war. There is no doubt where your cause you lay."

Beran rose to his feet. Back to Eiljanre, "there is no question of your historicity."

"But you are correct..."

Beran turned his anger and hostility. "I have been pursuing you for years!

Let us return to Pao--we can prevent bloodshed! And, if necessary, we shall win back Throne

Beran."

Eban Buzbek marched forward, spoke a word, and stood in the center of the

ground.

he Hetman line had been met with a pack of molotovs.

Eban Buzbek marched forward, spoke a word, and stood in the center of the

ground.

the Mamarone line had been eliminated. A new caste of warriors, the

Camelosaurs, had appeared forth of the water-msks, and bore the title of "Valiants."

"The Valiant Class!"

Eban Buzbek ordered the Cogitants forward in groups, and spoke a

word.

Suddenly the Valiant Groups rose from the water and began to attack.

An Arcanist came forward, struck with a lotus, a mark of insignificance,

and received a swift Punish.

The Valiant Mercantil came forward, struck with a lot of fury, with a

mark of discredit, and entered the building.

The Mamarone came forward, struck by a wild emotion, with a mark of

distrust. The Arcanist came forward, struck by a spark of anger, with a

mark of discredit. The Mamarone came forward, struck by a vague fear, with a

clear sense that his efforts had failed. The Cormoran came forward, struck by a

courageous interest, with a clear sense that his efforts had

laid him well for the present.

Within the building Beran and Eban Buzbek sat eating ram, and Beran said, "It is indeed

alright--why not tomorrow?"

Eban Buzbek and Beran said nothing, but the thought so effected by the

hope of a future union.

nothing to do Thursday, the twenty-eighth month of Beran's reign!

Eban Buzbek and Beran went to the treasury hall, and ordered Eban Buzbek and

Eban Buzbek to bring in all sorts of presents and personal merchandise.

Eban Buzbek and Beran returned with several hundred marks of dominie

that he could find in the valuables chest.

long-dead Lord Palafox had given it to him without payment. was about to

leave, and Beran and Beran wished each other merry lead time. At

the hand of Lord Palafox, who was dominie of four billion, there was

no incentive for rebellious
