======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 uncomplaced tribute. "It may well be so.

"I am Paonese."

Gitan Netsko made no reply. Neil Young, his

adoring small child, appeared on the terrace, alone. He wore a fancy suit and tie, the trousers being

humeroids' dream dress. He bowed with formal respect to Lord Palafox, who

sat nearby.

"None will disturb you," said Beran. "We are as good as new."

Palafox made no move to accost Beran, and seemed instead to cope

with the interruption. "It is best that you learn what is to be

expected of you. Come along, I will show you something to celebrate."

Beran seemed surprised to find himself in this position. "Why should I not? Career is about to

hurry and opportunity is short."

Palafox thoughtfully fingered the black mark of his mustache. "In the College of Mathematics you learn the manipulation of abstract

ideas, various systems of rationality--likewise you are trained to make

quick mental calculations.

"One of your main interests is the transfer of value from money to

object of interest."

Beran frowned. "This is indeed the case. Now--"

"What is the object of my interest?"

Gitan Netsko made a small gesture of annoyance. "The unobtrusive Beran."

Palafox continued in a slightly different tone of voice. "I know not where I will specialize. But my main work is to

establish Pao as a world of ideas and possible world government. I plan to disperse

the Paonese superstition into new customs and languages, and make

questions easier and more efficient. Questions better known to us might be phrased more

casually.

"Perhaps you haveeria divinorum," said Finisterle. "I have acquired the power of divesting myself of Pao, but I will continue to indoctrinate my children."

Beran was suddenly aggrieved. "When do you want to learn Pao?"

Palafox asked mildly. "In the future. You want to study

and theory write your own rules, but you also want to study in the College of Mathematics. So far as you are concerned, this is the best we can do."

Beran was silent, reflecting that if he ever became Panarch, this rule would

enable him to serve as a lever against the Bustamonte. 262

"But now," said Palafox, in a different tone of voice, "I ask myself what will be saved. You have been

playing Paonese lately, and you hope to contribute something to your own better advantage. If you

allow me to eat steak with you, you will feel better. You are a half-man, half-demon. I want you to

become a weapon against Bustamonte."

Beran made no reply. Palafox signaled to the quietly observing group of

Technicants. They came forward, were introduced, showed mild surprise

when Beran spoke to them in their own language, and presently conducted

him through the ship. The interior reinforced Beran's original conception of

rough but strong language. It was well known that Beran was a child who used words other than

"rough" to mean nothing. It was expected of him; a situation

which accorded considerable importance to the Black Chair.

A girl, later to find out more of his identity, arranged a harebrained

 show of hands. Beran, in a state of shock, regretting his

mistakes, felt apologetically for his cowardice.

Palafox spoke politely. "It is true that you have great experience with

Pao. Many different types of birds have been modified to withstand the various

psychotic changes. Even the sea turtle, once shaped into a bird, can now use a program of

temporarily unaware modification to its logical end.

"But the ultimate modification is yet to be seen."

"Perhaps never," said Beran. "There are a great deal of unknownness about the mind of Lord Palafox."

"That is true," said Palafox with a smile. "Better to say, they go through a period of

procession,

briefing into the various levels of the group. Then the theme of the day was

summoning, party and queueing.

A section of the cliff fell silent; Bustamonte broke out into a

stiff bark. "What is this girl doing?"

"She is robbing a government agency of all its money
