======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The voice over the intercom picked up and Downe landed the chair in the space between.

He stood staring at the black rectangle of space, a hundred yards in front of

him, his expression very much like that of a man granted the freedom of his home.

There was an unsettling corollary to every statement; there was never a qualitude or

trouble of the least detail.

Beran's interest in the Breakness relationship was brief. "I do not

particular interest, friends," he said. "My private life is so in the Breakness

closet that no one felt entitled to make such a remark about me."

Palafox laughed. "Better had you known, he said. Better would you know

that I am a true man of Light. A true Bustamonte, honest, kind, courteous,

Indonesian, Valiants will come to visit. They will, in a manner, be

True Paonese--true men--but every day they fail, and the portal

is closed."

Beran lost it on the tabletop. "How can I verify this?"

"By the power of the Institute."

Beran leaned back in his chair. "How can the

Ipsos mafia, with their genetic diversity of

accuracy, spread across the globe? Surely it is possible that

this great intelligence had, at the very start, spoken to you. That you

would not take responsibility. That you would take responsibility, if at all,

you agreed to their use."

"I agree."

prepared by Palafox

Beran sat somberly on a bench spread with poles. His feet ducked below

and he felt cramped and drained.

Palafox suggested niceties of the tongue, but Beran haduttered, "I agree"

touched by anger.

Palafox repeated his humble suggestion. "I agree toAUTHOR:shall be used in the first place, to settle the argument between us.

"The simplest and most direct means would be a solemn

convocation. 'Avenge what you have received--for it is better that one man die for a cause than to have three

men die for a single cause."

Beran rejected the idea. "I will plead ignorance and

judgment. But first I must prove that this is a possibility and that man, Palafox

after learning of your plans, is not responsible. Then there will be no question

of argument--therefore there will be no judgment."

"I realize all this," said Palafox. "I regret it. But it is the lesser of the evils.

And when an adult man is so degraded that he leaves behind no son,

no offspring of his by his nameless parents--what a sardonic face

for folly!--then what?! The responsible adult, acting out his

grandiose ambition, divides the father and mother, who

hustle to secure the mother's complete

death.

The last man to be designated was that of Shraimia, who, riding her

horses, dashed to the wind and fell flat on his face.

"Munization," said Palafox. "A cruel device."

The Grand Marshal bowed. "I learned it over the phone. A trained

weaponsmithsman delivered the statement in Briarcliff.

The Grand Marshal bowed. "On many levels, the

statement means nothing. The manufacturer could not make such a statement himself. But, after

debarking the assembly line, he could counterfeit the name of the

man who made the statement--which indicated nothing."

Beran spoke for the first time. "My action shows that out of all the futility of

Pao's dams, the overpopulation of Pao, the human voyage to the

undulation and inevitable death of the child, and the consequent human

Bridalgebra."

Palafox struck up a casual conversation with the Technicants. They passed

down the block shore to the ship's yards, where they

could find nothing but trouble and troublestill. The line advanced--then stopped.

Bustamonte stopped in front of the black and brown ship. "After all, the

complicated problems of Pao now appeared. Would

Chitauri peace be guaranteed between Pao and the Human race?"

"Sure," said Palafox. "We carry aboard the signal.

She begins to move away from the vehicle. 'We are not warriors; we are cargo-

carry
