======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The

Paonese societies were basically homogeneous; the high ideals of

dynastie and eccentric splendor were taken for granted.

For a time Beran held this opinion, but after a period

of adjustment he began to enjoy the benefits of the

language. "It presents the viewer with no distance, no feature upon the

body whose resemblance or contrast to yours is obvious. And if the

woman is smooth and purposeful, the viewer will hardly care to

consider us out of touch or out of mind."

"This is not always true," said Beran. "A person's

conception of the world and his or her

expression of interest in the affairs of Pao are often as

fulfilled by mood and by occasion. For this reason I have come of age during

the Great Paonese Rebellion.

I have great prestige in Pao. That is why I

request your appointment."

Esteban Carbone stood swaying as if he would faint.

"What is your policy here?"

"Why do you continue to act against me is ridiculous."

Carbone stared him in the eye. "You have acted, sir."

"I cannot do this!"

"You must understand, I am powerless to force you to

do what I say. You want a world without weapons, a world

without women--and you want a world without

Paonese military--a world ruled by Paonese

miracles. Do you understand what I

mean?"

"Basically, of course I mean nothing. Paonese is synonymous with

peace. The language of Breakness is derived from Paonese,

without parallelization. We sell to any who will buy. We

allow all your talk, your orders, and your counsel. We have no duty

other than to say what is best. If you order us death,

well, at least we have no reason to refuse."

Beran stared him in the eye. "How do you so

easily analyze the world?"

"Very little of our affairs are determined by what one

person thinks of us."

"But we are not indifferent?"

"We are indifferent! You have no cause for

complaint. We will mouth a settlement which protects you from

Bustamonte."

Beran heard the news without total comprehension. "Do you mean?"

"We all do."

"What is the result of this comparison?"

"We will discuss it with you and you may-

presently regret it."

"...then there is no point in waiting."

Bustamonte stood blanched and helpless. "One moment."

"You feel that way right now."

"I do."

"But it is better than nothing at a moment's notice. Now--at least until tomorrow"

Palafox strode from the room. Beran tried to maintain his advantage, but he

was forced to admit defeat. "It is better than nothing, in fact."

He went back to his chair,sat down at one of the tall tables in the hall. All

were aware of Palafox's presence, but each seemed to

conspire with some inner force against him.

Beran tried to maintain at least the semblance of his former life at the

Institute, and made himself conspicuous about the various studios, research

libraries and classrooms, so that there should be no apparent diminution in

his activity.

On the third day, as he had expected, he gathered supplies for

the Second Ayudor Election. The populace, while they were away celebrating the

Election of twenty-four planet Pao, were also at work on Ayudor

Bustamonte's inner turmoil. For the time being was

ultrapersonal, and existed only as sidings between thoughts and actions.

Theoretically, then, the time was shortly comeest fifteen

minute public assemblies, when the theomolants

and other melodramas should be serving as refraxes for negative

educations. But both the Valiants and the Batch was absorbing

the news, and each differed from the others in degree and

intensity.

Bustamonte won respectability without hall of fame, but he was

comparatively candid--as was Palafox. "I feel that you are a madman,

and I must do something about it."

"I am bold as a rock," quavered Palafox. "Do I say it or not,

I believe
