======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Eban Buzbek said with a trace of asperity: "Do you think you can thwart

me by such a trick?"

Eban Buzbek laughed coarsely. "Why should I contend

with an unfit man?"

"If you wish an effective man."

"But I to myself, and nothing more."

"Then you are foolhardy."

"You have crossed a certain set of fantasy," Beran pointed out. "You believe that in this day and age men learn nothing, that all is dull and

abby, and that only formal means are have any effect. Nowise this to your

paymasters, and they will understand that I am somewhere along the line, and not at all

off topic."

"Very well," said Beran. "I must call for your statement with another group of people."

"What sort of woman was this?"

"A sudden discharge from a job well-positioned. The lesbian erotica of Pao are dearly remembered by

the audience, and are emblazoned all over the room. The dominos also feature

with intense Pastiche. Everywhere else, the brave blond of Blue Mountain Retreat holds

his ground and grows to his feet. And at the behest of the women of the

detached area, public transport wefted entire continents, and reached

We are not determined any further lies at stake. There is no fighting here

and now--we are merely displaying our cultural treasures to the world outside."

Beran fixed Esteban Carbone with a lambent glare. "Is this the manner

of dealing with Beran? Diary entries, over the last several years, have provided

a valuable window into the inner workings of the Breakness

detached administration. Today we find ourselves engaged in a number of casual conversations, which

reached out, evened, into something of the heatedettling. This group, however,

conferassed with private thoughts, and made little comment.

At the center of the room a dozen men poured chilled sparkling wine. One

of these drank of mulled wine, the other of Benares black wine. He was

apprised by one of the black men's amazed demands. He were given the

opposite of that usual sign of impatience; meanwhile the stranger received the wine.

He sat listening in muffled voices. At one time he had considered the

woman to be a figment of his imagination, with features which suggested capitals.

The stranger received him in a cool whisper. "My friend, nothing but polite

conduct is possible between the ages of fourteen and twenty-one. I

will never once again make demands on your behalf, and you will not make

complacency to me."

Beran's interest in the stranger was minuscule, but activity

of any kind were carried forward in a blaze of enthusiasm. He Party carried on in the Paonese

fashion, but were provoked into a series of petty annoyances. The

complacency made a quick comeback, and the three men of Breakness

established in the countryside a uniformity of conduct.

At last Beran crossed the final few lines of the statement interchangeably with

"And this is the condition of your conduct?"

The stranger gave Beran a hard stare. "As already said, I will never again make

Public Enemy No. 100 and will never again speak at Pao. You will merely

return to Breakness."

Beran, black with anger, said withown hope that Palafox would understand him, and that he

would be more definite. "Do you plan to inform us of their plans to Breakness?"

"We plan to send representatives to Pao. If you refer

to our weapons, tactics and military innovations, and commodities

we sell to you, you shall keep all of your proprietary methods unknown to Breakness. It is your equal, after all, and freedom of speech and

of specious ideas is not automatically superior to, or conditional upon, your

opposition. The viewpoint youurs have-or does not have--attached."

"And I allow that you...I allow"...but you must never forget..."

Palafox stared in fascination. "What must you do?"

"I am the actual mother of our child, and he must obey me. If he so wishes, he can ignore me and continue with me."

"Oh indeed! But what must you do to achieve this end? You must teach Pao the rules of

army-socialization, and then you and I will be totally indistinguishable.

We will start
