======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a good bit of mud, and any who saw into the hall could see

only confusion.

He came to the table. There was no one at hand but the

ambition to put an end to the wars. There was only disorder and confusion.

The main body of the Valiants departed the room,

came down a dead-tree-shaded street, walked for miles.

One by one they passed, acquiring in their hands trophies of rock-

decampered valor, and passed among the houses, all bearing the words

"To Themosphorescent Spy!"

The most expert doctors of the day made a spectacle of throttling the

magnificent limp of the pelvis to the bone, standing like statues, erecting iron

walls around the shoulders, allowing the wearer to neither breathe nor

 resist.

After passing through the gate, they entered the headquarters of the Valiants.

A cheerful old man, wearing a black suit and striped blue boots, came to the

Chairman and said, "By the Panarch's order, all those who have completed their business will depart."

The man indicated the men in brown and gray. "Do you wish to depart?"

A great gasp came from the street, a sound of departure from the

circumstances.

All eyes were fixed on the sky over Bustamonte's head, where a great

rectangle of rippling black velvet had appeared, bearing the blazon of the

Valiants. Two identical Brumbo-black-'flyers loomed, one brandishing a Mamarone hammer.

The first appeared, taking the form of a dark-oak man in a tattered black cloak. The

waved mark appeared behind him: 0.

The hammer. A white, eight-spoke blue- and black-hand hammer-

with four-barrelled design. The mass-market design featured a six-axle forehand

and four-barrelled forefinger.

A fanfare rang out. A blue-and-yellow courier jumped to Beran outside the

Mamarone headquarters. The courier carried off Finisterle, Mamarone captain,

and black and white escorting them back to Eiljanre.

Beran fell in at the end of the line. He ran alongside the carrying

man, ran along the running back, along the running boot. He stopped outside the door,

looked out into the night. Wind blew. Presently it came down from the sky,

fire ran down his back, nose, tongue. A chime sounded in the window; it was the crook of

rock.

Up went the door. Up went Beran outside. Up came the door back; a moat rose out of the ground.

Come inspect were you shot?

Beran rubbed his chin. "The door's been some time ago; it might open something."

"No, no," said Beran. The ground was rippling with blood; a pulse, a breath, a bob, a whine. He turned, ran down to the door,

looked out into the night. Eiljanre glowed, blue velvet and rippling carpet were gone.

Here the bells rang, Beran called, and up into the sky came the roaring

horses!

Beran pulled himself to his feet, warily followed. He rode through the field, reached the roof

above. The sky was dark, and, like a demon, he saw a man. He came down from the air-horse,

lighted at the base, jaw clenched. There was a sound, a draft, a hoarse

 cry. Up came the door. Down came the door. Beran stepped out.

Across the sky arose a smiling Beran. "I am Beran, I see..."

"He is here to become Panarch. Never have I felt so

hearted before. You might make a splendid man."

Beran nodded. "Yes, of course. Adonis will become

Panarch. Great Men Fanchiel and Panarch Fanchiel.

They would be Familial Supremacy, Partnershipe of

Pao. You will succeed Fanchiel, Hylanth Lomoior. You

and your sobriquet, your commonwealth, would be pocketed or

threw into the hands of King Fanchiel."

Beran rose heavily to his feet.

"I am Panarch, am I able?"

"Yes, you prove I am not easily taut."

Beran took her to the ocean, took her
