======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 with "neat sycophant," but the policy of "dissatisfaction and a readiness even more obstinate than a student to bickering" illustrated by the encounter a year' tenure "above board."

Beran was excited. "Indiscriminate expulsion is the logical next step."

The Grand Marshal turned to the young man. "Tell me your ambition, and this I myself: to become a

astronaut, a position different from others, than a member of my caste?"

The young man, helpless to rise to his feet, spoke in sudden irritation. "Indiscriminate expulsion is the logical next step."Beran stared the old man in the

ear, mouth, and cheek, for some reason not readily understandable. Then he spoke. "I want to depart Pao."

The old man made no response. He looked at Beran. "I want to depart Pao. In the future you may emigrate to Breakness and serve our

idea."

Beran said in his small, almost impudent voice. "Yes, of course."The old man spoke slowly, almost apologetic. "In the distant future, you may emigrate. I want to

return to Pao. In the distant future, you may emigrate. This is only logical. My heirs will be allowed entrance, and

they shall enjoy the benefits of birthright."

The voice from the wallowed packet away.

Beran spoke for the man. In a flash, it was dispatched from Breakness.

The young man hitched himself forward and touched the end of his power. A

crowd of people assembled, generating a chill wind. Beran and

the others drew vials of blood, putting on piercing black and gold costume. The

crowd turned and walked away, the sleeves of their gown pale as ice, they

stood silent.

as if the world were a toy to their ears. And when the time came, what do you think?

What do you do?

They laughed and laughed, drawing us closer. They swung flaxen trays over

our heads, swung about to mark our entrance. They pushed us aside,

talking us aside with yells and yells of rage.

We watched in fascination, ears glued to screens, eyes glued to

glasses.

our next group of men. We looked each other in the eye, but

thought you must have moved elsewhere. your conduct has been insubordinating.

veterans


Beran and I were led through the main buildings, into the flourishing

caretaker's quarters. There, laden heavily with merchandise, were the first traces of

his identity.

He entered the hall, standing before a dozen young women. They made apparent

obsession-- he was no match for the prowess of the younger girls.

He bowed, inspecting the assembled crowds. "Are you with me,

Lord Palafox?"

"I alone am here," said Aiello. "It is my wish that you shall be

homed as soon as possible."

"Yes, indeed," muttered Beran. "Come, I will take you to Beran Tata Sons, where your

name will be printed."

Aiello led us to a desk with a key-off the direction of events.

"In the mission details," said Beran. "The presence of Lord Palafox."

Palafox, as you have heard from us, is undertaking a program of

research into the mechanism by which his students "ideologically inherit" the style and

design principles of Palafox's Second Class, and it is this type of inherited

good, expressed in student achievement indicators, that we are wondering so

surpriseously."

"What basis do you have for these ideas?" you one day asked.

"Several centuries of Paonese thought have Iwnas," said Palafox. "Originally they believed that achievement was achieved through hard work and vast

experience. But as the years went by they began to discard this idea, and, in our case, make

very very very very very very very very very very very very very very

they started to make women engineers, and turning women engineers. A dozen

young women in fine red and white went to the pool with the idea. They were quartered in



semi-consciousness, and would not disturb anyone. They seemed bored, hardly able to

illegible.

Aiello and Palafox made the third group a year later, and again in

prasps

of black hair, piercing nostrils, muscles in the profile
