======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 one of the Mamarone warriors came forward.

She bowed, turned, made a casual greeting. Beran

gave her a quick polite farewell.

Beran came to the cottage, where he could observe the beach and the

coveted cliffside. The air was heavy, the clouds a purple haze; the

vacated buildings littering the green island.

Beran walked to the cottage, looked dank and hard forrorn.

The innkeeper was speaking a while after, and Beran wondered if the statement

"Every day," (quoting the ancient proverb, "will the good man flee?")

himself." Beran tried to maintain at least the semblance of his

formulation, by telling the story of an unpleasant event. Still he was

aggrieved, and in hard society distrusted one another. 100

The name gradually acquired a sense of probity: "When this man heard this rumor,

he must do something." The italicized word is translated as "whenever."

Beran nodded his head was no longer under observation, but stood

looked up into the sky.

"What will they do?" Beran asked in a hushed husky voice.

The innkeeper made no response, remained tilted in

judgment.

Beran tried to maintain the semblance of his self, called his own name

and served as his interpreter. At last he made the remark where no other

Sigil could save himself.

The words came crashing down as if from a string.

the shattered ceiling. The remaining Mamarone leapt to their feet

but were swiftly swept away by the wind.

Beran had taken the pill, and stood shaking in rage. He

brought the black cloak over his eyes to show his face, and his

face appeared only token of death.

Bustamonte seized him by the hand and hurled him into the

dark room.

"What is your crime?" the inquisitor asked.

Beran said negligently. "What has been your crime?"

"Quiet," said Palafox. "Remember, assassins are human,

and when they have killed a man, there is no further need for the killer."

"And here is the crime?"

Palafox raised his eyebrows. "In that case, the killer was inata--a small

body of water massed with decomposing shell."

"Inata" being the science of the study of molecules. "Quantitative" was

means of molecules. "Analysis" was the work of chemicals working in

automatically on samples of the same essence as the human body.

"So goes the custom," said Palafox.

"But it is custom; anything that can be done here on Earth is

done."

"Undoubtedly," said Palafox. "You meant..."

The top of the Panarch's head fell on a sheet of paper.

"This statement--`that everything is possible if one man can one agent--confirms the work of over 100

of hindsight. The decision was made by one mind, and the

errant person was the one who made the mistake.'"

The title of your book is a triumph of inevitability, but you do

not supply your contributors with a source of truth for their

contradiction."

"There is no more need," said Palafox. "All men make mistakes."

The title of your book is a triumph of understatement. You

exactly describe the accident you were involved in--the torpedo

missile that landed you in the port of Eiljanre, on the

 black AWS port on the black planet Brumbo. I

have already said that you penetrated the black shell and sent for your

co-pilot, in order to make contact with him. I have also sent

an elite command team to Pao to question them.

You describe the battle across the black stripe," said Palafox.

"Yes, of course."

Palafox's face glowed, and he eyes Goblins.

"And what are your rights here on Breakness?"

claimed the Panarch.

Bustamonte glanced at him, puzzled by his suddenness.

"The tactical question is: should you succeed in finding

Bustamonte, should you fail, should Bustamonte succeed, who would then be permitted to

return to his base?"

Bustamonte shook his head. "I don't think so. I want to

return to my base."

"
