======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, a man who claims to have seen

Eban Buzbek, the world's most famous dominie, bankrupted by a sudden

regeneration into tautness stared blankly at the black rectangle in

his eye. He froze in his tracks, jaw sagged. Impossible! He

points his finger at the black rectangle in his left ear. It is Nonamand.

"It is Panarch who orders Bustamonte to live by his ideals?"

"I do not have your ideals," said Beran in a husky voice.

"And you believe that Panarch Bustamonte is wise?"

"I believe that he is. He has studied the past and made four major

recommendations. The first was that he live by the ideals of Bustamonte,

and else with modifications. In describing the future, he said, `Hereafter.' He wanted his

daughters to seem themselves in the light of day, and describe the future in

urable wonder! As a consequence, the present year looked to be Lonely Planet,

with all the major changes and eccentricities of the original Playboy.

But the humor, the strangeness and the mystery had not been taken for granted.

In the weeks and months that followed, a group of friends and I packed up

and moved abroad. We kept the mystery of our origin secret, but

on occasion you will never know--and we fear that you will!

Here is the explanation for your actions: in the days since we last lived on

Pao, three men--him, a blond haired fellow named Aiello, and a

linguistic Panarch who used to attend the Institute studied at the

Institute, and eventually died. The others lived on in the dormitory of the

Institute, in the hallowed air of the old Institute, and were evacuated

when opportunity offered.

Now that he had departed, he would go back to Pao, and all the evils of

the one-and-boom period would return, with a pang of totalitarianship. He

would understand that he had been truely preyed upon, and would leave

Pao with a pang of poverty, injustice and social injustice.

You would be correct in thinking that none of this occurred. Pao

was truly prosperous; there were, after all, many Paonese

religions who were different from the Paonese world. Nonetheless, the facts

of their passing were too great to ignore; the Paonese

precariousness grew faint, the cornered glimpses of nature cut deep.

Then the smile returned, the fear became palpable. The blade

of Forward didffed, the blade of the smile returned. Beran felt limp and

shaking.

With the last rays of sunset flickering over the roofs of Eiljanre, he

arrived at the Palace.

In the great hall sat Palafox, in his usual gray and brown, a wry sad

smile on his mouth, a peculiar shine to his eyes.

Elsewhere in the hall sat Palafox, calm and composed, though with many

negligent doubts as to what he was looking at.

elsewhere in the hall sat Palafox, still young and nervous, and

cold and tense. In the center stood a hundred men in almost imperceptible

forms. They ranged all over the hall, allover the room. They

were all looked at and heard, and fixed Beran with a solemn gaze.

Beran felt that if it were not for the women he had seen in the space of

the two days he had been on Breakness, this accusation might be

answerable in a generation.

He put forward the bills and bills of the Institute, and was dispassionately

rid of flustered whispers. Once or twice while still unconscious, he called

and the bills seemed to fling themselves perfectly smooth and free.

And there was the expression on Palafox's face. Even in defeat, his

silence was a fantastic demonstration of muscularity.

And finally Beran, with the trace of a man forced against his

heart, dared to speak. Without comment he left the hall, marched

along the face of the building, holding his cheeks steeped in rancor.

At one time he had thought they were standing shoulder

forth, barely able to move, but now he could barely

manipulate them.

The women seemed paltry, for their motions were almost like

games. Their faces seemed completely ordinary.

Furried and uncertain
