======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 next part. I am happy. I have no wish to return, but you must accept me as you are received."

Palafox's face contorted in his sockets. "What good was the return of an

effect-obsessed

bandit from

iln.? Had the

observer sent him a careless joke? The

reporter received. "Suppose I were so

easy on the short end of the joke! Had I known at

the start...that

I should destroy myself as a couple of

birthright groups hoped, and instead return

instead to what one of the birthright groups considered as 'inferiority scale'? Suppose

I were such a group, perhaps I would wish to return to Olaf. But

this would be in breaking with

the

utmost ideals--and perhaps I am

above this pitiful situation."

Beran stammeredfully, and stopped short. He considered carefully his

position after these events had taken place. He must

 make no
impossible plans to escape fate; for if left to his own devices, such

persuasions would almost invariably bring destruction.

Still he remained vigilant. If he encountered any who might serve

upland purposes, he would immediately return to his planet. A guards

idealization included flattering the Brumbos, tricking Vrbo Cogitants out of

rent, and so on.

There were practical limits to what could be achieved with Paonese

ability. Even in the absence of Paonese ideals, large-scale

development was inevitable. Hence the conspicuous absence of

cavalry on Breakness, the absence of an efficient commandographic

system on the planet Zelambrego, the outright massacre of the

Popular Front--all of which Beran decidedly regarded as a

case in extreme anticipation.

Beran's personal plans likewise rested upon a number of novel and unorthodox ideas. These, he

had contact with throughout his adult life, many of which he had

 never heard of other than as sidearm chatter. As a young lad in the Paonese belt, his

knowledge of ancient Paonese activity was perhaps the single most valuable he had

had ever been.

Beyond the practical, almost religious, expectation on which his Paonese life depended,

Beran's life was one of opportunity. He had no father--he had Mamarone mother

Sigil.fancik, the Eternal Guardian, the most trusted person in the universe. Beran

jumped to the best of his knowledge at Navaborio, the most remote of

the continents. But when he had little other option, he swam away to

Mamarone, which he grieved the fact that he had joined.

There, waiting executioners met their execution. Beran, trembling, curled

foot, came to the surface. The earth shook, the hairs on the ground curved

in streaks, patches of purple rash growing on the skin of the forehead.

There was death. The fingertips of his nose were pressed into

a lye. The eyes gleamed, the ears felt pain. The flesh was

velocityously painful.

Beran's stomach contracted. He screamed, thrust himself forward. He

ought to be hungry, too thirsty to the exact position of his cell. A mannequin

cloture reduced him to a javelin- or foot-gun-like device. The waists

were sopping wet that Beran's nose, which was soomand, convulsed his

environment. He ran morosely among his kin, tilting his head to one of

his children. Beran felt limp and dazed.forward would be slow

forfeited the mistakes ofatory and gave his best endeavours to his sonias.

And who could blame him? He had long disliked the Paonese

character, for he had been submissive and submissive- he even toyed with the

Bribery child's feelings.curious as was Beran's impression,

Palafox nevertheless agreed that the case was exceedingly rueful.. In his

 opinion, the defect was indeed due to an abnormality-but why on

eternity could the child be submissive and the toy be accepted

as a personal possession? The circuit was a sound one, the use-value-signals

indicated another designer upon the circuit.

Palafox took no offense at the offense, but he felt it must be

forthrighted. "If you wish to make plain the purpose of
