======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 true

cavorting glare. "Naturally you accept my help--why should you not? It is only

right to strive for your goals. But, after accepting my help, you must choose

one of two courses: serve me or fight me. Forward my aims or attempt to

deny me. These are positive courses. But to expect me to continue serving

you from a policy of abnegation is negative and absurd."

"I cannot consider mass misery absurd," snapped Beran. "My aims are...."

Palafox held up his hand. "There is nothing more to say. The scope of

my plans you must deduce for your self. Submit or oppose, whichever you

wish. I am unconcerned, since you are powerless to deflect me."

Day after day Beran practiced the use of his modification, and gradually

became adjusted to the sensation of falling head-first away from the

ground.

He learned how to move through the air, by leaning in the direction he

Beran warily seated himself.

"Tomorrow," said Palafox, "we enter the second phase of the program.

The emotional environment is suitably sensitive: there is a general sense of

expectation. Tomorrow, the quick stroke, the accomplishment! In a suitable

manner we affirm the existence of the traditional Panarch. And then"--

Palafox rose to his feet--"and then, who knows? Bustamonte may resign

himself to the situation, or he may resist. We will be prepared for either

contingency."

Beran was not thawed by unexpected cordiality. "I would understand

better had we discussed these plans over a period of time."

Palafox chuckled genially. "Impossible, estimable Panarch. You must

accept the fact that we here at Pon function as a General Staff. We have

prepared dozens of programs of greater or less complexity, suitable for

various situations.

This is the first pattern of events to mesh with one of the plans."

"What, then is the pattern of events?"

"Tomorrow three million persons attend the Pamalisthen Drones. You

will appear, make yourself known. Television will convey your face and

your words elsewhere on Pao."

Beran chewed his lips, angry both at his own uneasiness and at Palafox's

indomitable affability. "What exactly is the program?"

"It is of the utmost simplicity. The Drones commence at an hour after

dawn and continue until noon. At this time is the pause. There will be a

rumor-passing, and you will be expected. You will appear wearing Black.

You will speak." Palafox handed Beran a sheet of paper. "These few

sentences should be sufficient."

Beran dubiously glanced down the lines of script. "I hope events work

out as you plan. I want no bloodshed, no violence."

Palafox shrugged. "It is impossible to foretell the future. If things go

well, no one will suffer except Bustamonte."

highest prestige.

Long before dawn, on the Eighth Day of the Eighth Week of the Eighth

Month, Festival Fields began to fill. Small fires flickered by the thousands;

a susurration rose from the plain.

With dawn came throngs more: families gravely gay, in the Paonese

fashion. The small children wore clean white smocks, the adolescents

school uniforms with various blazons on the shoulders, the adults in the

styles and colors befitting their place in society.

The sun rose, generating the blue, white and yellow of a Paonese day.

The crowds pressed into the field: millions of individuals standing shoulder

to shoulder, speaking only in hushed whispers, but for the most part silent,

each person testing his identification with the crowd, adding his soul to the

amalgam, withdrawing a sense of rapturous strength.

The first whispers of the drone began: long sighs of sound, intervals of

silence between. The sighs grew louder and the silences shorter, and

presently the drones were in full pitch--not-quite-inchoate progression,

without melody or tonality: a harmony of three million parts, shifting and

fluctuating, but always of definite emotional texture. The moods shifted in

a spontaneous but ordained sequence, moods stately and abstract, in the

same relationship to jubilation or woe that a valley full of
