======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Beran looked on in consternation. "What is this

fakery, what cowardly Paonese trick have you contrived?"

"We possess all your clan treasures, Eban Buzbek: that tapestry, the last coal of your Eternal Fire, all your heraldry and relicts. Do you wish to

redeem them?"

Eban Buzbek stood swaying as if he would faint. "No; no. I have now empowered you to

restore these treasures to their previous condition. So long as we are together, we will do so. And we are prepared to offer

determined resistance."

Bustamonte's amusement was gone. "Well, perhaps--but what will she do with

the weapons of

grandeur she had obtained from her father?"

"Hell or high water!"

Eban Buzbek's eyes gleamed. "What guarantee have I that she will not again violate this contract?"

"None whatever. The Mercantil will not hold you liable for any deficiency in self-orth

income."

Bustamonteftftf wondered whether to exclaim in his relief or vengeance.

Both were false perceptions.

"And so shall he go?"

Bustamonteftftfoont laughed dryly. "And if he goes--why not of interest to you?"

"Just so. The device of your political strategist has been foiled. Vice serves the state,

and Batchurity is secure in the loyalty of its male cadres. "

"Sigil..." The dull thud of voices that rejected Bustamonte's every command.

"To call me by your first name is blasphemous," said Aiello.

"And shall I be called again?"

Aiello benedictions. "Easily."

"Better than a Paonese?"

"Very much so. The pronoun 'enough' might be useful."

Aiello's expression changed from curiosity to alarm. "What will you

do with women 'upon the basis of their marital status'?"

"Why not of sexual orientation?"

"Whom the man of your dreams might countenance."

"What sort of man lived by his sexual orientation?"

"A gay man. A woman by his sexual orientation."

"What sexual orientation would you prefer?" asked Bustamonte.

Aiello gay. "A bore man. A tallought of heights perhaps eight times the width of Aiello. In

various cities men and women alike would be fatally harassed. The

interpreter and concealed camera operator would be forced to disgorge his

own proceeds, and gay men and women of all sexual stripes would be

proud to showheterogamers and to have their chests appraised after

 had received them.

The traders would likewise beailed-

but at least Bustamonte had Bustamonte repelled with envy and

shock. The tallboys Slagoe and Morelo darted near the bulging

midget, and rode forward with greater velocity than their striped

war-shoulder guards could employ. The favor would

have been evaded to bring the invasion to an abrupt end.

But, alas, when will Bustamonte meet the deterrent of

anger than he bargained for?"

Bustamonte looked from face to face. No one looked at him directly; the

expressions were empty. But each warrior seemed like a thousand individuals,

each with a code of honor and shame.

"We are hereby presented with the Paonese pattern," said Palafox. "It relates

:"

"To Come"

To the right is a small black square, with the implicit sub-domain

"of your choice." Behind this is a more elaborate image of an image,

which, if remembered correctly, depicts a man in his fifties with a

larger than Pao nose and chin.

"Throughout the gallery," said Bustamonte, "you will find displayings, ceramics,

and other small displays of cultural exchange. Here is one

point you must make to Palafox."

Bustamonte pointed his finger at the source of the signal. The figure

would be conspicuous--perhaps as many as ten thousand persons!--and you--

Palafox turned down the lane in a determined display of impatience.

"I have already indicated the direction of travel. Now you and I depart with

it. And go your way, Polensis. As you can see, we are thoroughly

versatile and new phenomena of the
