======== SAMPLE 1 ========
an

Munich, with a population of just over 100,000. Beran's scope was

great, but also decisive: he could plan and execute the victory,

or failure, of his succession.

Abandoned ships; incomplete contracts; over a million vagrants

banded by debts over money. Many had been born and bred heretofore suppressed,

or, if recognized, killed. Familiar faces--liverds, political head--leaked crime

sunks, and extortion had taken pride of place in funeral homes and

shores of convents.lica.pl. Many had been born and bred and

bred and bred, some as great billion as they appeared, some as mere

refugees, the difference between a thousand and a hundred million.

The bucolic inhabitants, making use of the hastily erected

village library, tavern, cottage, and roman home, laid waste the city.

There lived former agents of Slaanesh, Sorkondorf's enemies, and

sickened out the last scrap of flesh. To the southern hemisphere, aliens showed no

furtage, no swindled offpays or indentured servants. To

Panarch Beran, the home of my

idra--innate relationsable--was the price of a forever life."

Beran rose to his feet, bowed in formal respect. He turned to depart,

hesitated, looked back. Meeting the black eyes, wide and burning, he felt

shock. This was not the notably rational Dominie Palafox, intelligent,

highly-modified, second in prestige only to Lord Dominie Vampellte, and

Beran had done him an unfair favour. His purpose in here was simple,

nothing more than a pastime for the dank and desolate planet Saputo.

For five millions of years the ocean had been rich in oxygen, of faunus and docile,

and when present strength made available more oxygen, more resources to breed, to raise sons and to

serve as warlords, their money supply diverted into the private

industrial sector. Since the first contact between the two worlds,

a theory of dynamic change had seemed appropriate. The more

evolved the relationship between the two worlds, the more favorable

the future became for industrialization.

In the previous work, Dyamand had looked for causality in

the Valiants, but on three separate occasions, with a Valiants population at

least six starrs deep, peculiar to the planet, had appeared on

Earth. They were the Stone Age Brumbos, a tribe of warrior-

like youths callederetps.

Dyamand had long taught the Diatropia branch of the school,

in both vocabulary and abstractions, and had intended to employ the

concepts of the Valiants in his own work. On amity land, he and a small

Feyan warriorships disembarked, took scouts out to the sea.

There, in the Batch forest, on Pao, on Olicity as much as them, there was

no more to do but to disappear into the sunset; there was only movement, and

might be another day.

Dyamand and a group of his half-sons were enrolled at Pon,

where they, too, were studied and proved.

The students were of unusually young ages, half the age of the Batch

blondesses, and made to carry the unbroken tradition of grandmotherliness

and maturity. Their formal training was punctual, but they had learned

vocab, exculpations and dialects, and were assigned tasks to be

asked of any group of them might learn English.

One of the Blond youth groups introduced itself, name and age: they

adorned poles and bunches of land, and played cella for the sound. The

children knew their names, excepts and renames, gave them in

translation the sound of large teeth.

The speaker, a nun of about the same age as the speaker, spoke the

language of LET THERE BE light, folding his arms in the relaxation of a tight

heart. The topics discussed were contemporary matters of personal

relaxation: the use of language, the ambiguity of which can be

discussed only by an open mind.

The topic of languages came up frequently in the discussion booth.

clad pal Beran ordered of us. Nine hundred villages and agglomerations had

declared their commitment to the cause of Self--Lloyds, and many more had

exp
