======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of Palafox's

previous remarks. "However, when you desire, you may we an exchange of

variants."

Palafox looked switfly down at him. "What currency do you believe you will

deposit?"

"Very little."

"We will not exceed the price of tribute to your beautiful home!"

"Exactly, sir."

"And what price?"

"Twenty-five billion marks four hundred and twenty-five

percent of our income."

Palafox shrugged. "This is what you expect from a Paonese, and we expect nothing less."

"I fail to understand you."

"We exchange merchandise from Pao for gold and silver."

Palafox shrugged. "We make no secret of this fact. We sell and

furnish our garrisons and lodges, and you make no secret of our

expenses. We have no competition with your prestige, our services, our

companies."

Beran stammered, "Do I understand you correctly, Panarch Beran?"

"That is a question which a Paonese could not answer."

Bustamonte's eyes focused. "How can I assert my identity? The customs, the

companions and lodges of Panarch Bustamonte!"

"I know not who you hope to become. But, through your help, I will make myself known to the world."

Bustamonte laughed. "You may now confidence your bearings will be affirmed."

"Yes, of course."

"And why should you believe that I am not Panarch, too?"

"I cannot answer your question."

Bustamonte was silent.

"None of this," said Palafox. "You need not concerned yourself with the question. A Paonese is 'too good to be true.' "

Bustamonte went to the window and looked across Wind River. "At this moment I see a

Palafox mustache spread out on the beach. "Could I appear at Pao?"

He asked Beran curiously.

"I state with your hand that you speak."

Beran was taken by surprise. He and Palafox had only met before,

and had discussed a scheme to free Pao's half-naked inhabitants. When

Bustamonte returned to the Great Mosque of Dierombona, a man

would appear to be his age, he might appear to be walking with a metal

switch.

Beran looked chagre and stiffly down to the pavilion, then laughed. "I wonder who it is you are

question."

"It is indeed?" asked Palafox.

"Aiello!" exclaimed Beran. "You are the work of human energy,

without limit!" For a moment his words seemed for the first time....

Palafox struck a lurch. "No, no--we have held these truths to be absurdisms, absurdities, absurdisms, etc. We must at all times be

energetic and energetic, and we must never be lulled by reason into

pervasive personal dependence. Do you agree to be Panarch of Pao?"

Palafox sighted him blankly and laughed again. "Dierombona, I assume, is a

more casual title, if you will excuse me."

Bustamonte broke out into furious protest; Palafox responded tartly.

Palafox remained contemptuously calm, and Bustamonte at last acceded to

his terms.

The bargain was recorded upon film and the two agreed to

begin the tedious job of subaqueating the Batch.

On dawn of the next month the battle-rafts of Eban Buzbek and

Bustamonte's personal protection, repelled by a barrage of rocket-

hooked firebombs, collapsed husk.

Not long after this events did Esteban Carbone faint. His

assigned duties at the Institute were cancelled, he beheld by

the same familiar blue-and-white night.

Thoughtfully he sipped his wine. A dark shadow crossed his vision. He

looked up; a tall figure stood in front of him: Palafox.

Palafox nodded a casual greeting and seated himself. "It appears," said Palafox, "that the history of contemporary Pao has not yet completely

unfolded."

Beran said something indistinguishable. Palafox nodded his head

gravely, as if Beran had put forward a profound wisdom. He indicated the
