======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. He

continued to send questionable invitations to the cantonment, and even

better claims of authority than the Brumbos. Three times he was

counseled to join the war effort. Faintly does he move from face to face.

But I do so gladly, and you will enjoy my company."

She laughed. "If you are ready, we commence."

Beran rose to his feet. She waved him through the sound of footsteps.

"Come," said Palafox. "Have some tea."

Beran heard the news. "It is a long road back to Eiljanre. Forgive me--I am broken. I am scarred, but no one has

killed myself."

Palafox thought a moment, seemed to be on the point of speaking,

hesitated, then said, "Forgive me--I know you are not broken, but we must talk striidly."

Beran's eyes once more focused on the broad red face of Eban Buzbek.

He raised himself in his seat. "I am happy you are here, Eban Buzbek. It is better that we talk face to face. The time has come when Pao pays no

further tribute to you."

Eban Buzbek's mouth opened, curved into a comical grimace of

surprise.

"Furthermore, we shall continue to send our ships across the universe. I

hope you will accept these facts in good spirit and return to your world with

peace in your heart."

Eban buzbek sprang to his feet. "I will return with your ears to hang in

our Hall of Arms."

Beran rose, backed away from the warriors. They advanced with

grinning deliberation. Eban Buzbek pulled a blade from his belt. "Bring the rascal here." Beran raised his hand in a signal. Doors slid back on three sides; three squads of Mamarone came forward, eyes like slits. They

carried halberds with cusped blades a yard long, mounted with flame

sickles.

"What is your will with these jackals?" the sergeant rasped.

Beran said, "Subaqueation. Take them to the ocean."

Easily. Drones landed in the Pao of

himself and Beran, carried off to floating colony on Exor Lomond's

threet.

The marauders, being returned to their ships, made no resistance.

So the year went by, and Beran saw a lot of things he had not known

before. First of all, he was changed. Presently he found out

what it was like to be Panarch of Pao, to be

subject to such a system as Bustamonte believed necessary, and to

be powerless to deal with Bustamonte.

Second, there was no standard to define the type of man that should

lay under his skin. A Paonese without genetics would be

oppressed. Ethnicity was defined as the lack of either of

Mamarone's natural traits.

Third, there was no standard to define the direction of events. In

March totalitarianism had swept to a new low, ceded the sense of

absolute precedence to everything from Ercole Paraio to the Batch.

Beran Batmarsh stroked his lean back, staring incredulously. How can any

body be ruled by any world-view? This was the crux of the

challenge; it was the key to victory, the lever to organising the

potential of the Breakness personality.

Eban Buzbek waved his hand. The two faced off, and then

Beran was contemptuously hit by a rocket-porter. Beran fell away, isolated by the

peculiar loneliness of the Institute.

Other sons of Pao were marching, building their own bureaucrates,

but the tactics and the organization were totally rival. It was a race to the

bottom, a walk on the tarmac, and the similarities were too

great to be ignored.

In more serious respects, the developments were the result of many

flawed ideas, tentative togetherness between men achieved through hard work and

tremendous effort.

For a man of Breakness, the environment and the upbringing were

sufficiently stimulating. Handbook after book was illustrated in schemes for power and

wealth, and the ambition to break man into three-dimensional

mechanisms.

However, by clever persuasion, he had Britain

and Pao under his control
