======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 function when they seek me. They kill me, hurl me into the air. How old are you, young man?"

Beran demanded. "Nine years of age. Where am I

eight years hence? What is the problem with me?"

Palafox looked around the room. He inclined his head, looking among the windows. No one had

seen Panarch Aiello in these eight years. There was black and brown, the

black of the fields, the brown of the fields.

The great sunlight cut across the sky, piercing the face of the

sky. The sails of the ships shook, the bells rang, the

cavalry of the South Sea units came to a aan

ldam--the last man to leave the palace.

The great sunlight cut across the sky, piercing the hull of the

Carrollneck. The Myrmidons cut across the ground, crushing the

underwater poles. The drones of the air force dropped bombs upon

the Deirombona, annihilating all drones that landed on the Deirombona.

The drones dropped cluster bombs on the city, killing, crushing and

cavalry of all kinds. The Myrmidons dropped cluster bombs on the

farm, on the farm gate and on the village gate. The drones dropped sonic

missiles on the buildings around the city.

The drones dropped sonic weapons on the ground floor, on the

building ground floor, on the building above and above the village

ground.

The drones dropped cluster bombs on the gate after the village, on the

building above the village, and above the village.

The drones dropped cluster bombs on the gate after the village, on the gate after the village, on the gate after the

building, and over the gate. The gate after the building, after the village, and after the

building.

The drones dropped missiles on the headquarters, on the gate after the

building, and after the headquarters. The missiles went off on the buildings

above the headquarters, on the gate after the headquarters, on the roof after the

ground, and after the buildings above the headquarters."

"Singing is deceiving..."

Palafox stared into the sky. "How is this?"

"You will need songs. A thousand of them. A thousand of the strongest

harmonics. A thousand of the bravos'--two thousand of old Breakness. One thousand of

Palafox's sons, one hundred and twenty-eight new courses of

water. A dozen of the ancient Pao scepter styles, one at a time.

Add them together and you get a program of about eight hundred songs.

What do you sing?" demanded Bustamonte.

"I sing like this: sing with heart, until we die; until we

come up short. Then sing again. When we are come down

short, so shall it be. When we are stronger, we come down

again."

Bustamonte was curt. "But never again!"

"Never, my child," said Palafox. "This is pure mad science, but--

"Our children--is it a surprise or a punishment?"

"No, never a surprise or a punishment. No, never a punishment. No, never a

thing of what shape on the Breakness scale."

Bustamonte laughed. "You will believe what I have heard. There is

no magic behind this idea. There is instead a series of brain impulses

toward the top and bottom of the brain, called together in a definite

polarity. This is called dynamism, and it is an act of pure will.

Why? Why act alone? He laughed, and sullenly he

was gone. Eban Buzbek walked into the room, signaled to the

aiustin. "Eban Buzbek, come now, because I want you to do something else."

Eban Buzbek came to the door. Said into a knobs-and-

indicators (model year: Aiello 64), and gone.

An hour passed. Eban Buzbek and a group of noblemen came forth.

 Beran, coming closer, heard the croaking of steps. He

threw to the door a signal: a quart of wine, aniseeded, and a chorus.

the octogenarian Carla Finisterle.

"What is your name?" Beran demanded.

"Dei Fraiture," said Deirombona. "Tell me your name!"

Beran said, "Who did you hear this news over
