======== SAMPLE 1 ========
astic as his words were.

"But there is scope for a

reform, and this must begin at the root: the ego. Cogitant of

the state, necessarily leviathane. If you re-educate the

neolinguists, you will realize that you do not suborn, but are rather a

Mamarone sobriquet--so you call them today. You sing the Mama

Bustles, you read the Black: Black says, 'Things are going well.'...But the best

news comes to the native group. The Mamarone have been quartered in

the Institute, and are governed by the Institute's most carefully

arranged captain. They are:

We the Paonese Dalmatians

the Bavarian Paonese Enlightenment

Zeleanna Beytenmaeker

Cecil replies in the affirmative. He is the son of a Cogitant, and came to

speak for the Aiello line of the Qassamites when he agreed to wed

Sigil Panasper is a need apparent. He and his entourage leave the

idona with their weapons drawn. Panasper leaves the rooms, looking rather

serene, he walks to the train station. He gasps dawn to the

surface. "So does he destroy himself," bellows Beran. The voice from the wall of

the Cogitants, "ses up your power."

Beran screams, "Kill them all!"

"No," said Bustamonte. "I can think only one way. I must

kill--both with arms and legs." He pointedly left his ticket.

Sigil Panasper walked up to the train standing only in black and silver.

Sigil Panasper looked at him in horror. "What is this you see?"

"This is the entire set of arms: my left hand, my right. Kill them all!"

"What is your plan, Panarch?"

"To create a world in which all people are equal."

"In the next few days," said Bustamonte, "we will see you in Paris."

***

The events of Qarth are hard to overesty. For all his complicated plans, his eclectic

laboratory, Panarch Qarthbirthday is a sacred event. For the past two years, thousands of

young men and women in the second year of their lives have been

concub Born

To

Walloon Drones imprint on t-shirt.

Hours go by--the hours are hours--but on or about Paonese

Finished Morn, the next occurrence will bring about

death. Would you join me?"

Cecil, shy and untrained in the use of military force, burst out in a

pleasant voice. "I have no basis in reason to believe that any exist."

"What reason then, can even think against killing these men and women?"

Cecil replied with indomitable candor. "No. In no plight would such

be born--except that we end up in the Cogitant's service."

"And they would be indentured servants?"

"That is true, no doubt. Would you consider making yourself a

servant of the Qarth?"

Cecil was pensive. "It is a great honor," he said, "to be called a Qarth."

Bustamonte nodded. "This is no crooks-our people are not crooks, and

we are not violent."

"I hope not," said Bustamonte, "I shall not forget this news of yours. Last night I saw your face,

my son. It seems you had been hypnotized."

Bustamonte was startled. "Not entirely?"

"Not altogether," said Cumann. "He seemed to be subtly translating the language of Pao--perhaps activating it in some way."

Bustamonte was astounded. "And"--impressions go vehemence--"how did the Panarch come to become such a thing?"

"He spoke in the past," said Bustamonte. "He veered far beyond the norm."

"And you are the first to affirm this?"

"No," said Bustamonte formally. "Until recently I had kept a close watch on him. But he had begun to seem strange: I saw a glimpse of his before bed, his every move. He seemed to revel in control: he had become a controlling lever, a screen between creator and object. When I awoke him up he was grinning all over the room."

Ber
