======== SAMPLE 1 ========


his hand. To his mind, a young Panarch without agency or authority

began to breed, to facilitate the upbringing of his sons. The agency of

the son would give him up- arms, in order to breed sons of his own.

The bargain was not final, however, and the market fell

banker with the bull, and the traders who had traded away.

For many years, Bustamonte had maintained a staff of secret informants,

Stationed through the eight continents. Early in the morning, walking the

airy gallery of the Pergolai lodge, he was beset by worry. Events were not

proceeding at their optimum. Only three of the eight continents seemed to

be accepting him as de facto Panarch. These were Vidamand, Minamand

and Dronomand. From Aimand, Shraimand, Nonaman, Hivand and

Impland, his agents reported a growing tide of recalcitrance.

There was no suggestion of active rebellion, no parades or public

meetings. Paonese dissatisfaction expressed itself in surliness, a work-

slowdown throughout the public services, dwindling cooperation with civil

service. It was a situation which in the past had led to a breakdown of the

economy and a change of dynasty.

Bustamonte cracked his knuckles nervously as he considered his

position. At the moment he was committed to a course of action. The

Medallion must die, and likewise the Breakness Wizard.

Daylight had come; now they could properly be executed.

He descended to the main floor, signaled to one of the Mamarone.

"Summon Captain Mornune."

Several minutes passed. The neutraloid returned.

Both are fled to Eiljanre. There will be trouble.

He went to the window, stood looking out into the distance. Finally he

turned. "Your name is Andrade?"

"Hessenden Andrade."

"You are now Captain Andrade, in the place of Mornune."

"Very well."

"We return to Eiljanre. Make the necessary arrangements."

Bustamonte descended to the terrace, seated himself with a glass of

brandy. Palafox clearly intended Beran to become Panarch. The Paonese

loved a young Panarch and demanded the smooth progression of the

dynasty; anything else disturbed their need for timeless continuity. Beran

need only appear at Eiljanre, to be led triumphantly to the Great Palace, and

arrayed in Utter Black.

Bustamonte took a great gulp of brandy. Well then, he had failed. Aiello

was dead. Bustamonte could never demonstrate that Beran's hand had

placed the fatal sting. Indeed, had not three Mercantil traders been executed

for the very crime?

What to do? Actually, he could only proceed to Eiljanre and hope to

establish himself as Ayudor-Senior, regent for Beran. Unless guided too

firmly by Palafox, Beran would probably overlook his imprisonment; and if

Palafox were intransigent, there were ways of dealing with him.

Bustamonte rose to his feet. Back to Eiljanre, there to eat humble-pie; he

had spent many years playing sycophant to Aiello, and the experience

would stand him in good stead.

In the hours and days that followed, Bustamonte encountered three

surprises of increasing magnitude.

The first was the discovery that neither Palafox nor Beran had arrived at

Eiljanre, nor did they appear elsewhere on Pao. Bustamonte, at first

cautious and tentative, began to breathe easier. Had the pair met with some

unforeseen disaster? Had Palafox kidnapped the Medallion for reasons of

that Beran would appear to give the lie to rumors, and submit to a more definite assassination.

Then came the second unsettling shock.

The Mercantil Ambassador delivered Bustamonte a statement which

first excoriated the Paonese government for the summary execution of the

three trade attaches, broke off all trade relations until indemnification was

paid, and set forth the required indemnification--a sum which seemed

ridiculously large to a Paonese ruler, who every day in the course of his

duties might ordain death for a hundred thousand persons.

Bustamonte had been hoping to negotiate a
