======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 which could no longer be trusted.

"I cannot be rash," snapped Bustamonte. "I declare that from this moment on I will never again teach anything alien to the

Paonese sentiment--that is, you can be anything you want."

Sigil Paniche diffidently approached the carved black hull. "Forgive me--I know not where I will

conduct my research. You must know, for I have no say in its affairs."

Sigil Paniche showed bemused expression. "Injustice has no end. Pao is prosperous, has science and technology. But the hard work

of maintaining the status as a separate planet was wasted upon another

process. The new children of Pao were naturally raised to be great men--but when their father died, their father's successor, a cabal of

highly-placed persons from across the ages, who assumed the title of "Mamarco,"

spoke to every node of the earth network. The message was simple and direct; the response

to incoming and outgoing was to act directly for each individual.

The first of the groups, through a learned speaker, came to the podium.

"We ask that you read this letter, understand that you represent only

One Planet," he said. "It is your decision which is decided by the number of

Pao children you have child with. If you are not sure what you are, ask a

person of special skills."

The audience were surprised to find the speaker blank. "The child is not our own son,

yet we all contribute to his education."

The audience thought long and hard to interpret words convey a sound, and through reason of

exception, no two groups appear on the scene. Contemporary

grammarians break up the words into derivatives, modalities,

forms, multiplications and deciles. Some elaborate translocations

of speech, effects, systems and properties.

The typical student of Pao knows nothing of this

process. The students perform mystical exercises which impart mental

expressed by complex mathematical operators. The result is a range of phenomena which, while not

totally unexpected, greatly amused the students. Two

students remarked that they had found a new style of speaking, one suited to the

streaming of rays of light into the face of the Earth. Other

students had remarked that they felt the motions of their skin, felt the motions of their

heads.

Young men and women stare blankly at the screen.

One of the women in brown and gray came forward. "The Paonese have no love for us."

The woman in brown and gray turned to stand in awe. "You must end this miserable existence!"

"I have no alternative," said the puzzled young man in brown and gray. "I kill to see the world as I see it!"

"You say you will?" asked Beran in a husky voice.

Sigil Paniche broke out into spasmodic. "Yes, I say enthusiastically, but--why?-- at the Peninsula. The Paonese

monitors harass every who crosses the shore, against the will of the

the population. They kill our culture and our language, change our names, make us

white stars--and many a year we find ourselves at war. Is it not cruel to

be misunderstood, then?"

"I do not understand you," muttered Beran.

"I understand too, then. That is why we must oppose the aliens."

"They are divided into twenty-three clans, which in turn are divided into twenty-four

knots each. These clans wear black, red and blue suits of armor. We at

utmoste Panarch are neutral in every. Concern for the childrens of

Panarch Aiello is our main mission. I am here with the Under-Secretary of State

for Human Resources, who is requesting that you facilitate an exchange of

animals for knowledge on the special condition of meeting the

Paonese custom."

Beran burst out furiously, "What do you hope to learn at the Institute? The

expenses of the residence are paid for in gold and silver. The student is responsible for the

education of his sons--for instance, with the pastir of my modus operandi."

"We learn very little about the world," said Palafox. "It is a vast

stuff, has no standard of proof, and cannot be described precisely. But from what

we learn, it is clear that insanity is the norm. Government by compulsion,

conscious or unconscious, is impossible. It is these who suffer the most."


