======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 consideration. Beran's imagination was stimulated, his

weapons were drawn and tested. A switch is entered into the calculator.

The powers that be at Deirombona carefully restrained the effects of

the initiative, but gave the impression of being

ervent. "The initiative fails to discharge its purposes. It is disarrayed and sardonic. The

pavilion and the city will be ruined."

"What is your decision?" cried Beran.

"I am Paonese," said Palafox. "I will obey and destroy Bustamonte. To

Breakness?"

Beran made no response. Palafox signaled to the quietly observing group of

Technicants. They came forward, were introduced, showed mild surprise

when Beran spoke to them in their own language, and presently conducted

him through the ship. The interior reinforced Beran's original conception of

rough but sturdy serviceability. And when he returned to the Grand Palace

it was with an entirely new set of doubts and speculations in his mind.

Could it be possible that Bustamonte had been right, and he, Beran, wrong?

well. The civil service was uncharacteristically self-effacing and honest; the taxes were light; there was none of the fear and suspicion prevalent during

Bustamonte's reign. In consequence the population lived with almost non-

Paonese gusto. The neolingual enclaves, like tumors, neither benign nor

malignant, were not forgotten, but tolerated. Beran paid no visit to the

Cogitant Institute at Pon; he knew however that it had expanded greatly:

that new buildings were rising, new halls, dormitories, workshops,

laboratories--that the enrollment increased daily, derived from youths

arriving from Breakness, all bearing an unmistakable resemblance to Lord

Palafox, and from other youths, rather younger, graduating from the

Institute crèches--children of Palafox and children of his children.

Another year passed, and down from space came the gay-colored

corvette of Eban Buzbek. As before, it ignored the challenge of the

monitor, and landed on the roof-deck of the Grand Palace. As before, Eban

Buzbek and a swaggering retinue marched to the great hall, where they

demanded the presence of Beran. There was a delay of ten minutes, during

which the warriors stamped and jingled impatiently.

Beran entered the room, and halted, surveying the clansmen, who turned

cold-eyed faces toward him.

Beran came forward. He made no pretense of cordiality. "Why do you

come to Pao this time?"

As before, an interpreter transferred the words into Batch.

Eban Buzbek sat back into a chair, motioned Beran to another nearby.

Beran took the seat without comment.

"We have heard unpleasant reports," said Eban Buzbek, stretching forth his legs. "Our allies and suppliers, the artifactors of Mercantil, tell us that you have lately sent into space a fleet of cargo-vessels--that you bargain

and barter, and eventually bring back to Pao great quantities of technical

equipment." The Batch warriors moved behind Beran; they towered over

his seat.

the sudden opening of a forgotten room. Eban Buzbek s voice sounded

almost unheard: "...your aspirations must at all times be referred to Clan Brumbo for judgment."

One of the warriors of the retinue spoke. "Only small persuasion is

needed to convince the ocholos."

Beran's eyes once more focused on the broad red face of Eban Buzbek.

He raised himself in his seat. "I am happy you are here, Eban Buzbek. It is better that we talk face to face. The time has come when Pao pays no

further tribute to you."

Eban Buzbek's mouth opened, curved into a comical grimace of

surprise.

"Furthermore, we shall continue to send our ships across the universe. I

hope you will accept these facts in good spirit and return to your world with

peace in your heart."

Eban buzbek sprang to his feet. "I will return with your ears to hang in

our Hall of Arms."

Beran rose, backed away from the warriors. They advanced with

grinning deliberation. Eban Buzbek pulled a blade from his belt. "Bring the rascal here." Beran raised
