======== SAMPLE 1 ========
subject

and emotional need."

Beran felt a stirr of will--an urgent craving! He hesitated,

knowing that some secret compunction in his stomach might prevent him

from thinking more urgently.

"My needs," he replied, "are not parts of a grand plan. I am not a hero

to a single destiny. But to ignore my needs is absurd!"

"But you make us feel good!" cried Droghead.

"Exactly," said Beran. "When my father was a child, your father died of a missile-pressure

crash. My mother, without a doubt, bore his child. You two are a

young population of Breakness, and these facts make

me happy."

Beran took his seat in the captain's chair, looked from Beran to

Beran that very moment.

But before long he came to the decision--can he outflank

Panai?

"You could barely train your archenemy," said Beran in a low voice. "He would tire of the activity and

avoid the island."

Gitanie exploded into a cackling sing and fell to the deck.

The two women sat cross-legged beside one another.

"No," said Beran. "No one here has trained a hand or finger on

Gitanie."

"I know what you want," said Beran. "A staff for Mamarone. A

race against time to Deirombona."

"Exactly," said Droghead. "A time for Pao and a time for Breakness."

"Where does the energy come from?"

"Pahdomane is home to some 1000 Pao people," said Beran.

"And the people be Pao?"

"Pahdomane. And all these Pao women, their..."

"It is a feat to know," said Beran. "And it takes energy! The Deirombona

population grows by a third, the population of the continent shrinks,

intensity no faster than a haircoming, the shrinks go the fatality rate comes to

one death a woman does every year, and women, without predators,

are hardly any

planetary dynasty creatures."

Gitanie laughed. "But they die young, and Breakness becomes

tomb to the shock of combat. What can you energy-

manipulate?"

"Mechanical manipulation," said Beran. "Eratosthen Institute

of Mathematics creates processors for many humanoids. In six months

they will be mass producing food and clothing, manufacturing garments

and tools for all levels of society."

Droghead seemed dubious. "Supplies run short," he said bitterly. "I have produced

so many processors, but they have been short-lived. I am leaving

Pao."

Beran spoke with an air of paternal friendliness; Gitanie felt

harmious; he did not convey his feelings in public.

"In the worst case, I will remain at Breakness. In the

least, both worlds: emotionally and mentally stable. Presently I

will depart Pao." He had an outstretched hand to his throat. "Feel free to

return." Beran made no response. Gitanie walked off, leaving Gitanie swaying

with his feet to the floor.

The two men ducked under the white branches of a large

leaves.ph plant, found a suitable hort, and planted it

into line.

Ten minutes later, they arrived at the site. The tall

man in brown and purple remained far from the battle; he walked

with great briskness. Forward motion, guided by gravity, contrived

a formidable thrust. The plant, with its three large leaves dangling from

the air, seemed barely affected. At the sight the mind

seemed to ignore the fact that the leaf was a poison; the

tide rose.

Palafox led Beran to a large hanging door. He bowed

to the room ear-to ear.

Beran started, and before he had a word with either

Palafox or the taller man could speak, stood abruptly, like a

crowd for the duration of the observation.

Palafox introduced himself. "There is one more thing to inform yourself of the

event. As you have expected, Beran Paniche is ill. He must be

infiltrated."

Beran cut him a frost-cheek. "You are not the subject of this observation,

