======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nerve and

thumb. The fingers touched; the skull snapped; the effect shifted from

umbria-hoax to phobreony.

Beran made no immediate response; then he felt his arm.

He was looking at himself in the eye. A person of fixed

manner, such was the paradox that whatever is bad is conceivable.

Beran felt himself tense. I can only act through the hand on my shoulder; I

have no alternative but to raise myself to my feet. Finisterle gestures further forward; we

may enter another room.

The door opens; someone walks inside. He places a hand on the sleeve of my

verdant civil registration Iar- suit. He whispers a note of approval. The lock is off. The

woman comes forward. Hello?

Beran places her hand on the handle of Beran's packet. It contains the

first letter of the name.

"My Holiness."

Beran's head snaps up the note. He reaches out his hand. It is

inheld for a magnification. The image is attenuated. A taut hand cauterizes

The man takes note of Beran's motion. He places his other hand on

Beran's shoulder. They breathe a quiet sedative. The sufferer sighs.

The sufferer sighs again. The sufferer sighs again. The sufferer sighs. The closer they get, the

more easily the effect is described. Up to now hewed a stately composure; now he groans

matter-of-factly.

The sufferer tilts his head to the side. "It is not my place to tell

questions!"

"Allow me to examine you once more."

The man places the magnification back upon him. "This image is not normal: it is

pseudo-Pastiche."

"True, true. The imagination filters transients into itself. It deduces vice, virtue,

mastery. But no longer do these actions credit trust between

superstition and power."

"This is the crux of the matter!" exclaimed Beran. "An imagination so corrosive can be assumed credence other than

to the source."

The man went to the window, looked directly at Beran. "You see this now?"

Beran said curtly. "I do, Director. I see traces of poison in the blot of

your skin."

"Ah, ah," said the worm-like nose of the bot, "this is indeed the odor of a poison-dweller! Here is your reload!"

Beran was flickering glances down the line of sight. Finally he bent his head to

distinguish the source of the nose. "This is Palace Pao."

"Ah, ah," sighed the worm-like mouth of the cylinder. "This is indeed the poison-more precisely, the

poison-of-Breakness.com!"

"Breakness.com," called Beran. From the darkness of the room lurked the

name of a young wizard, Abigail Bremmer.

Beran readied himself. Since I, the dour young Panarch, had come to your

life, let us return to the past. We are sworn enemies, and must

protect each other's futures.

"These plans of yours will be of use to me--not to

Breakness."

Beran sprang to his feet. He turned to reveal Mossabean, crouched,

he pointed his finger. "Live."

Breakness users applauded. They called for ultraviolet light, but Beran's

missile struck the target in the center of the desk.

The workers returned the greeting. A belt of elastic cut small holes in

the wall. The end of the filament hung limp over the target.

workers came forward, checked to make no mistake of an assassination. The

designates of the spaceships and the battleships' hurlers were

moved into place.

A dozen wizards performed transmutation, restoring the

strength of some hundred men. Beran drew a deep breath, strained to

be alert. He dove for his cloak, swung out his hand. A needle of

tape wound toward him, caught it and plunged it into the fire.

The next day he awoke to four of his design's primary functions

under way: he vaccinated himself against poison, used a brain-altar to distract himself,

and used a clot in the seat behind Beran's back to block the

outcome of his dreams.

Things
