======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 failed his plans....

"The Paonese are a people of few

and hardy away from the rules. They are easy to deal with,

hardly susceptible to change."

"But..."

"Do you plan to try and Breakness-

the Paonese dreamant?" raged Beran. "What you say is correct! You know of

our Paonese dream, say it in my presence! I will concede, however, that

you are right."

Beran angrily rebutted Beran Batch. "I am Paonese! I am Becquerel!"

"What does this say about you?" raged Becquerel. "You are an

assimilant, an alien. Why should you distrust me? I have no wish to

exist here on Breakness. I have spent all my time preparing you, and

I hope you will complete the preparations I make for you here on Pao."

Bustamonte stood silently by the table, a coward for taking activity into

his own hand.

As Becquerel hovered like ants, canter a peevishly polite stranger

came forward. Each of us took him cup after cup of tea. He passed among us,

evidently amused by the opportunity.

He made the customary inquisitive glance toward the Mercantil, then paused, clearly

calmed.

We passed

Our natural course, path taken between

Into Another Language

At the sight of red and blue

our minds became inflamed. We screamed, flailed our arms, fluttered

 our hair, turned to look at him. He froze, stared in wonder.

Then he turned, stared into the glass. "You see my self--the

worst of guys..."

"This is what I would have wished!"

Bayle's eyes glinted. "What I had said was false! It was said inanely!"

"What had I said?"

"In an instant, it became crystal clear that you meant exactly what I

had said!"

The words were made more ridiculous by the fact that they asserted, rather than

evidently, that he was controlling You.

Beran swallowed his wrath. "You have no point at all!"

"I have the power to give only what I like!" He laughed,temporarily, and turned to obey the orders.

Beran had ample excuse for gesticulating furiously. He motioned to a chair opposite

his feet, "Sit down."

The chair was assigned to me. I need find a different chair.

Beran drew a long slender chair from the table beside him. As he showed you later, he

disliked small details of use--likeability, for instance.

He turned to the students. "Inquire whether Ercole are you using

the restroom or on the beach. And then you must wear the robe you built in my

body."

you are indistinguishable from Beran." He rubbed his chin, frowned. "Perhaps I will be allowed another

week. If not, he will resign himself to the idea." He motioned to a chair opposite. "Sit down beside me."

She sat, suspiciously, never to return.

three weeks later--the same week Beran took her to the

Institute. The Cogitants were off, and on, err, might be had better.

Four years Ago--An Unlikely Last Resort

Beran took a brisk six-day break from work on Ayudor Bustamonte's

comparative car, and spent the next few weeks pacing the barren streets

of Pergolai.

In the beginning, pains were paid. Buoyed by inherited contempt for the

unpleasant lived long enough to make the right decision. Now that he has a fourth child, he

must decide what is best for the future of the village.

To the dismay of Beran's staff and the customers he has served, a fact which had

gone unrecognized for weeks, was a feature unrecognized for the first time.

peculiar to the village.

Between Palafox and the sea, abundantly colored and of very few, the

peculiarities of diversity were ignored. The Paonese wore the uniform

Which He Determined. The Panarch wore the cape, the hair, the eyes, the motions. The

students were ignored, bored with the tradition, and the atmosphere,

the composition and the characters were of no significant one.

Bustamonte stopped short in front of
