======== SAMPLE 1 ========

with my own personal methods. There is no more to say.

"He who wields power shall be powerless."

"But you do not believe me?" mused Aiello.

"I have stated my proposition many times."

"But I have not stated my position," snapped Beran.

"Indeed, I have not said one word."

Aiello's eyes glinted. "Anarchism is a superstition. Let there be

a pacification operation."

Beran shook his head. "I feel bad for letting such an

occasional rumor circulate."

Aiello surveyed him from the sky. "You seem to have

settled the booty on which you were made prisoner. Why not

pay Palafox a visit in solitude and visit again?"

"We will take a public slot in the queue."

Aiello leaned his head forward. "If you return in future you must register and

registre..."

Beran's voice failed. He tried to speak; while he was stammering a

question, the woman began to move away. "Wait!" croaked Beran, running along beside. "What turmoil is this?"

"I cannot wait," the girl said bitterly. "I am indentured, I must do as I am bid"

"Where do you go? To the dormitory of what lord?"

"I am in the service of Lord Palafox."

"What is your name?" Beran demanded. "Tell me your name!"

Embarrassed and uncertain, she said nothing. Two paces more and she

would be gone, lost in the anonymity of the dormitory. "Tell me your

name!"

She spoke swiftly over her shoulder: "Gitan Netsko"--then passed

through the door and out of his sight. The vehicle moved off the ramp,

swayed in the wind, drifted down slope and was gone.

Beran walked slowly down from the terminal, a small figure on the

mountainside, leaning and stumbling against the wind. He passed among

the houses, and arrived at the house of Palafox.

Outside the door he hesitated, picturing the tall figure within. He

summoned the whole of his resources, tapped the escutcheon plate. The

door opened; he entered.

At this hour Palafox might well be in his lower study. Down the familiar

steps Beran walked, past the remembered rooms of stone and valuable

Breakness hardwood. At one time he had considered the house harsh and

bleak; now he could see it to be subtly beautiful, perfectly suited to the

environment.

As he had expected, Palafox sat in his study; and, warned by a stimulus

Never before have our people been so degraded!

Palafox pretended shock. "But serving a Breakness dominie is by no

means degradation!"

Beran, feeling that he had scored a point on his redoubtable opponent,

took heart. "Still you have not answered my question."

"That is true," said Palafox. He motioned to a chair. "Sit down--I will describe to you exactly how the Drones compile a

thing called the Image."

Beran was not taken entirely at her skill. "I have studied her--I know her no

what secret she is, but she presents a number of interesting h

ards, a hundred different hairstyles, body types, all derived from a

humerus or cadaverian line. The females range from simple

neighborhoods to heavily modified industrial complexes. They make for

both elegance and simplicity.

Other females are prevalent, too numerous to be explained by prenatal

natal modification. Perhaps more interesting are the features of each of the

singular classes: tusks, lances of wind, bees of all types: the

colony's typical flower. The students are guided by the intuition that

Pao, during this most urgent period, presents a formidable threat.

They also draw the conflict to their conflict, by drawing weapons.

During the day they parade around the city, wearing purple and brown

Asiatics viking uniforms and mounted battle-

art. On the evening of Beran's arrival at Deirombona, a ceremonial

march had been observed and the time appointed. The city lay

within easy passing observation of all living creatures, and all infants,

ologether, became alive.

The marchers crafts were made into banners and caps,


