======== SAMPLE 1 ========


The Cogitants

The new policy

The Festival Finale

The Cogitants

A Cogitant Explained

With the new policy in place Beran had no need of assistance from the Paonese. He was already adjusted to the new situation, and seemed gladly split between Pao and Bouthrier.

The Maesters agreed that the old Paonese routine should take on new meanings, but how easy it would seem now

The Emeritus Minister Finisterle arrived in a warm and current mood. "With the change in routine, you now have:

night time operations at Eiljanre;

cold war games against the Terran Central Army: a popular

quest?"

"What? What currency were you offering me?"

"Up to fifteen sons of Ivar Gondor in the patrilineate of Aiello."

Finisterle's voice through the speaker-switch disappeared.

"The currency you mentioned was offered to all who desired a currencyry."

Finisterle's voice was hoarse and violent. "What price were you for this valuable weapon?"

"Six hundred marks!"

"What was your fee?"

"Six hundred marks." In Finisterle's words, "the ransom demanded by your

advent should you pay it handsomely."

"What did you demand?"

"Six hundred marks."

"What did you demand?"

"...flatten the grave with coalsift, then leave the Markarth with your

sons..."

The next day Finisterle received a letter from Palafox in

black. "The mission of the Mercenary Company is to

defend Markarth," it said. "The civil war in the Donandos Peninsula has been reduced to two-thirds-cornered. The civil staff has been

rebuilt, new vehicles and a new recruitment policy has been developed. The recruiting policy for the

third period of this year's new year is detailed.

"Meanwhile, the new institutes of learning in Aiello and Breakness are preparing for

the Valiants."

Beran angrily called to his secretary. "Why don't we head to the Institute."

Palafox replied with a terse but emphatic "right away."

Beran took Palafox's blue and yellow identification with a

stretch. "This is what I told you. It is routine for us toasse our way

through a generation."

"But what will you do after that?"

"I don't know," said Beran. "I have an idea. Whether or not I

make it out of the dormitory takes nothing. You have to face

the possibility, even if it keeps you alive, of a different world."

"Whatever it is," said Palafox, "that whatever is good."

Beran was shaking. " This is chaos! What if everything

went smoothly and surely? What if the future seemed far off?"

"This is the situation on Breakness," said Palafox. "I have no idea what could make individuals

switch sides."

Beran insisted. "What will you do now?"

"I want now," said Palafox. "I want to return to

GitHub. I want to open new worlds. I want you to join me there."

Beran's eyes glittered. "What will I do now?"

"Feel free to talk to me here."

Beran spoke first, with some initial relaxation. "I'm curious, how do you feel?"

"Well," said Palafox, "you are capable of many other things."

Beran's mind was now opened, interesting possible and unknowns. "What makes

you think I have no reason to believe?"

"It is not my imagination that determines your feelings. However, you may make

indifference to my feelings."

Palafox's eyes glittered. "What you say is true--but how will I prove it to

my children?"

"In the most casual of timescales."

"In the simplest of timescales."

"In the simplest of ages, aChild.com is in fact accurate."

Palafox's eyes glinted. "This is fantastic news. Questions

excited theories. Faint visions began, ethereal fluids began to

wipe away the light.

The dreams began, seeming back-to-nature, like vaguely

illuminated drawings. The drawings gradually became images, like

rubber plates on the canvas. The images became fuzzy, blurred and
