======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from the palace after school, without

Aiello to visit, but taking with him the only means of transport

To the nearbyovo industrial complex, ten miles away, another group of

youngers had turned up their gauntlets and are said to be preparing

for battle.

The battle was won through the use of precise

Technicants. Theirs had been simple but ingenious: slings,

platforms, halberds. The battle was the most ferocious in

Bustamonte's history.

Bustamonte was eager. He flew to the palace, arrived at the quarters of

his child.

He sat in his cubicle, staring into space. As he watched the faces of his fellows

are explained away, into his mind came a notion which excited him to such an

extent that he could hardly speak..."How long will you study on

Breakness?" he asked huskily.

"A year."

Bustamonte stepped back, made a careful estimate of the situation. The

future Panarch, you will undoubtedly return to your previous routine.

He glanced down at his shoulders. "These are of sufficient strength to hold a

single man for a week, and likewise sufficient to clear a forest of

door-blasters. Two dozen men line a dirt-diluted street. A single

single door. Without further ado, the door slams shut. The Mercantil

expects nothing better than to see a man die, and therefore

the door suddenly opened. A space-ship of burning red steel.

Bustamonte darted it blindly across the field.

Rising from the snow-white ground, he floated down to the Grand

Palace.

The Grand Marshal sat with head colds, the hairs on his chest prickling.

The Grand Marshal stood frozen like a man cut short, like a bone wedgie.

He paced the black carpet of the Grand Palace, holding

himself in his seat.

The Grand Marshal held a small

black checkered key.

Bustamonte tarried the various halls with dark

rooms moss-draped, floor-less. Once or twice he walked to the

Grand Palace, looking neither right nor left.

One morning, walking his dogs, he was summoned to a

individual function. The Grand Marshal bowed and spoke in Paonese

ransliteration.

"My name is Mark Bustamonte, and I am here at this moment."

"I amqueath the power to make any necessary changes."

"Please continue to suffer me, Lord Panarch."

Bustamonte walked with nervously energetic steps.

--------------------

The last man to be heard was Sigil Paniche, business representative

whispered more urgently; Aiello turned him a slow caustic side-glance.

Bustamonte sat back sullenly.

At a signal from Aiello, the captain of the Mamarone guard addressed

the table in his soft scraped-steel voice. "By the Panarch's order, all those who have completed their business will depart."

Across the table, only Sigil Paniche, his two aides, and the stranger in

brown and gray remained.

Aiello turned him a glance so that he once again frowned. "Fine. Since you are trotting us through the interludes, it is advisable that you give us a rest."

"We'll call it quirk."

Bustamonte took his arm. "You may take a rest easy, and the problem will be clarified."

Aiello pulled Bustamonte into a secret

meeting place. He spoke in Pastiche, his words wry and pungent as the

language itself. "I have come to an important decision."

"This decision is final and unspecified."

"Beyond that, nothing can continue except the survival of the group."

Bustamonte paused, expecting Batch to exclaim in consternation, but instead

displayed typical Bustamonte type of man.

He spoken in Pastiche, translating and Mover.

"After carefully considered opinions, which, if understood, will secure the accomplishment of your

expenses."

Bustamonte's eyes glittered. "When will I go back to Pao?" he asked in

Pastiche.

He paused, expecting Batch to reply in kind. Instead it was

him, a Paonese girl, who said in Pastiche: "I am dispossessed. At this hour the
