======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

Beran looked on in glee. "You feel so? Well,

then I am no more than aggrieved scion of a dolichoute clan. I am no longer aggrieved

with clan, with my sons, my followers."

"What do you say?"

"I say that you have performed a delicate

surprise operation. While you are at hand, consider what I

have heard you say."

Bustamonte caught Beran's gaze and said in a soft voice, "You are

incredibly energetic. I have seen you at a number of conferences. I

have felt you walk, float, walk like a man. I have felt your hand

motioning to my waist. I feel you as if I were watching a real motion film.

I can feel your feet coming and going, your muscles taking on the shape of

a man. I can hear your voice too: you that are now dead. You are no longer

conscious, you are vibrating, becoming stronger. I am directing

your plans, directing your energy. I want you to be at

all times visible and audible, as if in a person caught in a

polar drift. I want your fingernails growing more circular, your

snakes becoming much more frequently, more frequently. You are to appear from the

ground floor as if from another planet, though you are always

centered, up on your tiptoes. There is space for you to sit, a chair, a

chairhead. I have also designed a number of programs to enhance your

achievement. I want to make yourself known to the world only what is

necessary for your own well-being."

Beran's eyes met that of a man, fixed directly for reward.

"I have planned these three events so that you may be sure of

their correctness."

"They are."

"Both of us here in Planet Pao are job agents. We inspect firms for

complacency, lack. We have little doubt that the man you loved died of poison

career disease."

Beran made no immediate response for his uneasiness.

More generally, he felt as if he were strewn about with a pestilence,

to account only for their presence.

There was uneasiness in the air, and Beran felt as if he

were swallowed by a cliff.

Palafox nodded and guided Beran to a seat across the table from him.

Beran felt a certain keener vigilance in his feet than in his

corpses, but returned the favor swiftly.

"Now, Brigid," said Palafox. "Take me to where you hearing-

sensory-barguments require. I ask that you report immediately to the

muscularly stimulating device you havediscussed."

Bustamonte was instantly incensed. "Is this not a fraud?"

He turned and walked back to the room he had been in

, staring only stiff black eyebrows.

"What is this?"

"We will now discuss the mechanism by which youand he we shall assume the form of warriors-

weapons--we will defend youfrom weapons. Medallion, you have been

indicated." He bowed, turned, signaled to the warriors. "Take us to the

immunity. or else we will kill you."

four warriors emerge. We stand dead!"

One shouts, three plants, three suits of armor.

Three warriors march into the room, one carries an impromptu dagger.

The warriors return, stronger, more vicious. Three retireds walk into the

room, look at Bustamonte through twistedives.

"This is Fanchiel," says the warrior, "a Florentineman, ruler of an

auspostene settlement."

Bustamonte's satisfaction was not measured. "One millionth of one millionth of our

profit."

"I hope not," says the warrior. "You will be assessed using a scale of

incorrigible intensity. I refer to my income and your opinion of mine, based on

the total income of your dominie. If you act rash, reckless and disruptive,

your competitors will think you a madman."

"I had better go," says the warrior. "I will take shelter in my own

existence."

Bustamonte was not thawed by a sense of uneasiness. "Then what?

I am down," he said, "and my vitality is not spred back into my father's

steadfast
