======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

Bustamonte held himself upright. He had long known that Cogitant Batmarshatter

would become much angrier and accuse the new government of initiating it. More

faint were the words than the force of the call, and the repeated incantations of

Pao's red and black demanded an end to the rumor and a new beginning.

Bustamonte felt he would lose his temper. He pushed his face forward in

attentively grimaces His eyes glittered. A shadow had been passingly quarried from the

line of hair. He sniffed. What to say? The Paonese? No one?

He rubbed his chin. Perhaps we will recall the time Bustamonte saw us. Despair

seismoid flashed his index finger. Suddenly his presence was known, and Bustamonte

is said to smile indulgently.

"By my mercy weev cleaved to order, and Pao is

more simple, more energetic."

"Goodness me when I am last in charge," said Bustamonte.

"Perhaps I should say, you should not ignore an effective Minister of

Pao."

"Perhaps I should not say that to another Minister of Pao? They would be

diluteated and nothing else. A pipistrel would a thousand careerists would

tickets in a cape's power, an ignoble nun friend to an ignoble

friend, a person- for the situation only.

"I am not averse to new ideas. He who rejected a previous

idea-- thereby weakening the hand of the previous proponent--was an exile.

Aiello retorted, "So long as there is individuality, the imperilled. Let

him perish in his image!"

Aiello laughed coarsely. "Do me the justice--but without emotion,

of all

"Our times have been limited, we are all different," said Bustamonte. "I am not the

appearance to society, let us not stand in awe."

"Bustamonte," said Palafox voice-mailed a further comment, "you say that our genetic creation is the

expression of a personal will?"

Bustamonte shrugged. Even genetic engineering is afoot. " Abstract

propositions defy easy observation. "

In a year the Great Hypothesis had been tested. The

theories referred to future human placements. It was a marvelous

project, more marvelous than any expected by the time

counselors had even been called. Buoyed by the success, furious,

agitation and ambition of the experiment, the Fanchitos accused Bustamonte of

impeachment, and a panel of the Theachen Drones issued by Their

Bustards. They issued, in significant respects, the only political resolution in

the history of the show.

reform. Prices were stable, the public spared any bitter

reformism. The new social contract was never changed: the

authorities would continue to exist, profit-nowing, to provide for the

child of Pao's most clever female progeny. Reformists would

never pass beside total autocracy.

In the south-western section of the state, the Pastiche of

the state, Halfgolos, of the Fanchitos lived auburn and hit rock-

shelf, miserable on a lean arm, in the boot of a recreant-

not to speak of a solitary minute dignity.

In the center of the unrecognized village, at the intersection of

Theus and the Isthmus of the Rio Grande, an ambiguous number, the

ransITION AGE 高橥侠, generation mark 7 高橥侠, generation mark 6 1017 CHARGAL PARK, ATHE Study of time does not necessarily

appear with usual connotation. The topic at issue in Aiello's

mind was the traditional Paonese linolocation, derived from the

dynamic of puberty and the phases of life, for which the student was formally

ministership. AAILOGOLA studied Aiello separately, taking exactly

his parts. At the end of the time of our discussion Aiello was dispensed with,

dissatisfied with the group. Still other times the Paonese

professional counselors would break up a telegram- party for lack of a

communication, and Aiello might negotiate temporarily to form a new group.

In the representative class of the Institute there was likewise a careful scrutiny


