======== SAMPLE 1 ========
evidence.

Eban Buzbek smiled vaguely. "They are clever, you learn. They came to Breakness with

a crude but highly effective anti-gravity device. They hope that by learning more about

them, will contribute to their own advantage. Perhaps they have already begun. Perhaps they

are now augmenting themselves with new abilities."

"Perhaps I tell you something very sad," said Beran. "You take me to a park, and I am led to

an image of this quality. I am burnt out, my hearing is degraded. I see dozens of

colorfully ugly monsters creepering the landscape. I am in a foreign land, and at

the last moment you draw a conclusion which I will regret."

"I regret it," said Beran. I regret it. I am in a state of shock. There is no idea how seriously I

should take the subject. You are touching me abroad on bad grounds. I feel

I have broken no one's will. I am in the possession of the Paonese!"

"She is the mastermind behind the current social turmoil!" Beran spoke, sinking even further into

the rage. "The cruel execution of our civil servants, the forced

entry of bandits into the population and forced intellectual absorption!"

"I have profited from their misery," said Aiello morosely.

"Are these our problems, yours is your problem?"

Aiello morosely stated, "How will you deal a man of Breakness?"

The man responded, in a measured but honest voice. "I have no business

other than to say something good about the state of this girl."

The room was silent, the gloom largely forgotten. At the last moment

Beran felt a qualm of panic rising. He turned away, withdrawing both

himself and the girl. "What to do?" asked Beran in sudden anxiety. "Is this the very

office you began?"

"To the best of my knowledge this is the first formal communication between a

person and a DoD."

"I have communicated with dozens of women," said Beran. "I have witnessed their

appearance, heard their whispers, sworn their evasions. I have witnessed their

concern. I will obey your order, and if you plan to continue your business elsewhere, you

must do so now."

Palafox smiled thinly. "You are an expert at persuasion, a

smiling harmless finger. Would you convey this fact to

your subordinates?"

"No," said Beran hastily. "They will believe you."

"And they will believe you now?" inquired Palafox.

"No," said Beran. "They will listen to us. They will

refuse to recognize us. They will treat us as children. We will kill

him."

"No," said Palafox. "Nothing to do but lie in wait for an urgent order.

Now!"

Beran forced himself to stare into the obsidian gaze. "What will I do now?"

"You will obey me!"

Palafox stared into the obsidian gaze, then laughed. "You will sow the fruit of your labor in the knowledge that he who sowth it shall give to the poor child."

"A poor child?" said Beran gloomily. "Ah, you young rascal! I wonder where you have earned your reward."

Aiello bowed, turned on his heel. "Nothing to do today, Colonel. With the war about as

serious as ever, and the prospect of selling to avenge his father's

injustice, I began to think that perhaps the time was now to seek employment elsewhere.

With a flick of the diagonally colored dial, he descended to the

flooring end of the hall, and leaving the other end of the dormitory aisle,

caught a boat for the area from the Gulf Coast?

A week passed, exactly the sort of disturbances which Anarchism

wished to observe.

On day two

Breakness center was razed to the bones. All living rooms destroyed.

No one in or near the building was safe from the elements.

homesickness.

There was no one to socialize, no one to visit each other.

Bustamonte took a man to a room with a hammer, places the

object into a pan, adds a certain gravity.

The idea seemed not only logical but likely. The lighter fell, the lighter dropped.

The man pulled himself to his feet, groaned. He would die!"

"It is better than this," said Pal
