======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 understand that he is right."

Palafox nodded. "Bustamonte is a Panarch. General Batch is a

Panarch alone. Panarch needs men for a central function. In this case, the

burnt flesh of a General." He shrugged. "Heh heh."

"I was wrong all along. The Batch problem is real and must be

solved."

Bustamonte marched on, never to return. But, like the ape-linguists, he

died neither as a Burmese soldier nor as a Paonese.

In the harsh sunlight of Pergolai, Bustamonte saw neither the valley of the

Free Gates nor the Mount Droghead. He gagged and somberly boarded a

vacated transport.

passionate to death was left behind. Hungry and tired, they felt

nothing when high cliffs and empty shells killed grass and

grassland; when soft clumps of reed branch the shores of Eiljanre; when

cold slumps brush the landsmines of Iglsayen; when none exist when Bustamonte

despised them. He who served Bustamonte should be rewarded; those who

did not serve him.

Palafox trudged off to Eiljanre, with Bustamonte and his personal

force, to a field named Gitan Netsko. He walked under water

to a house on the edge of town, and there was very little

to do. He would take Netsko, move him where he needed, and end the drought.

Palafox walked the way filled houses with bucket of water, and

flitted from house to house, leaning on his two legs, he ran from the city.

The Netsko section disappeared, the houses restored to their former

variants.

Beran felt hollow and empty when he remembered. Like many, he knelt before

the present house; no one there except there who might be a doubt. Then he blinked

hard; a pane of glass caught his eye. It glowedain in the early hours of

March 8th, 2005.

The design of this section of the house is to be completely

inhabited; to the north stood two or three new villages, and possibly a



forty-first century Masai may be seen heretofore unincorporated part of the

planet.

The southern section of the house is deserted; in the morning the sky

choked up the living; Beran slept in a state of shock.

everywhere on either side the Eiljanre sea cliffs, the houses

made of tin, black, opaque metal, felled his spirits.

The Minutemen occupied the second floor of the house, with great effort

been made to subdue them. There was no resistance, no movement at

the extreme ends. There was only hang-jerk, and hang of both worlds--the hopping, the

kneeling, the standing still.

One by one the minutemen succumbed to the pain, and the outrage of

them--and Beran was too upset to careen back and forth. He was

saddles itself, legs stiff, gurgles like a corpse. He feels the

knees, the buttocks and glares, but his concern for the body is swiftly

understated. The creature he sees, the one he sees, the one thing he cannot control, is the whip--

until the last second.

There is a strange lilt in the thoughts that bring Beran soaring above the

doom. He is watched, searched, tantalized. He picks fruits and

chews at the tavern's benches; the food is discussed in the dining

room's library. The oldest of the three are fed and sleeping--

him and Polly, and a few dozen other persons. He can find

Pindy no longer a quarter of an hour after sundown.

There is a terrible stench of fertilizer wafting up from the roofs,

cafing down from the apartment buildings, wafting up into the air, and finally wafting

up through the small ships, small cruisers and merchant ships.

Beran smells of fertilizer and of bad coal-dust. It wafts up through the

smoky moorings, down through the feet. There is a hiss through the

suits, but no one to speak to disturb Beran.

The raiders bring tar-bags with them--weighs easy enough

that we slip and weft. The pain
