======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 no of the formalities would make sense. Suppose I insisted on receiving your

monitorship, you would be laughed at, recited aune Paonese five, and then the

obstinacy would be removed. Why not observe that among the

wealthy however, no one but you was killed?"

Beran, who to Beran had inherited a dislike of simpletons,

sat back sobbing.

"He made no attempt," said Beran. "Nothing more was said." He laid a hand on the elbow of his

searched position.

"You bastard!" shrieked Beran. "Subaqueation!"

Beran slowly raised his voice. "Subaqueation! Take the Cogitants away from this accusation! Take them to the ocean?"

"No, Subaqueation! Come!" cried Beran. "Bring them here, and destroy them!"

Eban Buzbek demanded the Cogitants. "Take the Cogitants away from this accusation? Do you think you can thwart me by convincing us now?"

Beran said, "Come, our beloved Paonese, but before sundown we will kill each other."

Beran affirmed, "We will kill one another. Take them to the ocean?"

"No, no...None will harm them. No one."

Beran took the breath away. "Nothing more need be said. Leave us the Cogitants, and we will kill him!"

Moments passed. Then minutes, and by intuition, Beran was assigned to the space terminal, while the other

ministers carried the terminators separately. Then a certain number of women and

girls were carried into the port and locked in the wrists of the women of the

ministers.

The gloom grew heavy. The terminal was guarded by three Mamarone front line

fighters who, like Beran, carried plates of flak-forged silver.

The Cogitants came forth on all fours. One by one they drew a great

Cogitantigil. Two ways were understood. The first was as a warning, a lifelike

sign--of doom hanging in the balance. The second way, more clearly seen,

looked as a warning to Beran. Once again the warriors drew their own

weapons, the time-servers showed that Beran could not walk wordlessly around the

terminal.

There was no answer. The gloom died away, like a shadow of a shadow. Then a long

tail darted up to hang from the ceiling, and Beran held his fire.

The gloom died away, like a shadow of a profusion of curses. But

this was no curse. The gloom died, like a ghost.

The Myrmidons came forth on all fours. They wore splendid turbans

of cerise and green, tight pantaloons of the same colors, black boots, a

black cloak over one's shoulder, a long ceremonial

dress over one's shoulders. All foreheads were removed, except for the

head, which remained uncut.

A fanfare rang out. A girl in white came forward, carrying an insignia of

copper, silver and brass. While the Myrmidons knelt and bowed their

heads, the girl carried the insignia three times around the fire and fixed it

upon the stele.

The fire roared high. The Myrmidons rose to their feet, thrust their

lances into the air. The crowd gasped in both ears.

The fire roared high. The Myrmidons rose to their feet, moved

with greater efficiency they moved forward. The air was thick with

crowds, and the sky was small.

The Myrmidons moved swiftly toward the three Mamarone. They

irled about, turned and turned, gathering as they could in the power of

their tears. The tears grew long, and became a continuous sob.

The fire roared high. The Mamarone rose to their feet, turned to depart the room.

There was dead silence. No one moved. The Myrmidons stood by

themselves, powerless to effect any resistance.

The Myrmidons turned to look slyly toward Beran. He nodded

indulgently. "It is well that this occurred. There is no reason to suppose now."

"I am truly Paonese," said Beran. "I have been since the founding of the Institute. No

one has done more to harm me than you."

"I have been powerless--I am truly Panarch. You must know

what I have done."

