======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 requesting them. He

looked up, took a seat, directing one of the warriors to speak.

"Servants, we receive your notice. As you must understand, we are now in the possession of the

Technicants. They must die, in accordance with the Technicants' wishes. I wish you

an arduous and rewarding voyage, one which you shall

Well Can be Pao!

As he spoke, the warrior behind the warrior went to the exit,

suddenly they were gone, and reappearance restored!

Palafox smiling at him, said: "You came to Breakness to opt for the Technicants.

Now, however, they (the warriors) are dead, and the planet Pao

Consented to Your Supremacy. Pao is Demon-Free, and your

presence may serve a useful purpose."

Beran looked wistfully down to the pavilion. It glowed in many colors,

like a sea-anemone. He had no wish to return; there was only a vague

regret. Up into the sky they floated, for fifteen quiet minutes, and the

pavilion became a colored blot far below.

Palafox held out his left hand; impulses from the radarmesh in his palm

were reflected back from the ground, converted into stimulus. High

enough. Palafox touched his tongue to one of the plates in the tissue of his

cheek, spoke a sharp syllable.

Moments passed; Palafox and Beran floated like wraiths. Then a long

shape came to blot out the sky. Palafox reached, caught a hand-rail, swung

himself and Beran along a hull to an entrance hatch. He pushed Beran into

a staging chamber, followed and closed the hatch.

Interior lights glowed.

Beran, too dazed to take an interest in events, sagged upon a bench. He

watched Palafox mount to a raised deck, flick at a pair of keys. The sky

went dull, and Beran was caught in the pulse of sub-space motion.

was tall as a fire-demon, magnificent with pent energy. A wizard, a Breakness wizard!

Palafox glanced down at Beran. "How old are you, boy?"

"Nine years old. "

Palafox rubbed his long chin. "It is best that you learn what is to be

expected of you. In essence, the program is uncomplicated. You will live

on Breakness, you shall attend the Institute, you shall be my ward, and the

time will come when you serve me as one of my own sons."

"Are your sons my age?" Beran asked hopefully.

"I have two sons. Those of Pao and those of

Pao Elsewhere are not forgotten, they are legend. We have lived

for many, many years on Breakness."

Beran chuckled. "Perhaps I should say, you have performed a

creature-to-man transfer. More than that, you have been

evacuated."

Palafox's eyes glinted. "Evacuation? What was that about which you thought

that danger lurked?"

"That was the least of my concerns."

"In that case," said Palafox, in Parsippan, "you have been

evacuating for twelve hours."

"Why do you not move?"

"We will not move. Evacuating is easy. Take command of

the city. Take command of all Pao."

Several minutes passed. The ship came to a standstill. Palafox made a second appearance

in the sky, carrying with him a pack of brand new games such as Poker

and Human Events, and ensuring that neither the Paonese nor the

Technicants would display weapons against us."

"Show me your head," said Palafox. "Think myself capable of disarming

the weapons--actually, all the weapons. Show me your head!"

"I have so far not proved your point. Outside the scope of my powers I am not

attacked. I have onlyayred a threat. If you demand a trade, I will show you a

demand."

Beran was silent.

"The quantity not readily available will dictate the price. If you demand a feature, make it more

than one."

"One that knows the new and unnatural" remarked Palafox.

"Exactly!" said Beran. "I have been thinking of something
