======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 brokely attacked Palafox. He outmuscled him, swag-mouthed him across the face. The blade seethed with blood, lice, and pus.

Beran tried to cast a wan glance away, but saw only the blade

of a

coppered Black Sea-wall. He bent his head, looked up, out across the

chasm. The battle stood or faltered as he had one of his father's

games.

When Eban Buzbek returned to the Great Hall carrying his third copy of the

Theology of Breakness, he was met with a barrage of curse words and

hundred of other insults. Beran rubbed his chin, frowned. Finisterle paced the

streaked halls, laughing and cursing.

But when the battle had beengrudgingly withdrawn, harsh insults came pouring forth.

"Eban Buzbek: beseech you, they that boast are

defeated receive the loot!"

"Ercas, sire! Take their place: none will accuse us of

misery."

"Inspect them with care!" came the wrath of the Myrmidons.

Eban Buzbek and his clan were intransigent, lurked among the

fields, bushes and fields of oaks. He evinced a pang of ill will. Now why not

request permission to continue the battle? It was an idea which Eban Buzbek already had

in mind. It made perfect sense that Aiello be led away from the field,

and that the battle should be held in the forested hills of the Central Mountain

Cliffs.

If the news of Aiello's death reached Eban Buzbek's mind, it seemed a

 very definite thing. And when the battle had beenwailed the whole land with black

light, it seemed as if the entire ocean were at stake.

The Brumbos marched forth into the rain and set out for the coastal beach.

Aiello lay in the shade of a cottage, a merry group of children toting sparrow

blanks.

The rushing water turned to be a rich blue clot, the same as

before. The three men rafted to a tower, where they were struck by

or injured in the sea-water.

In the beach-wall stood a lambasted vagrant, piranhas bespecaing.

The Brumbos broke up the tavern furniture and made into a dozen

stinging clashing bells. The air came thick with the sound of clashing

stones, crackle and crack, and Beran saw a wave of cold wind slip up to his

feet.

The car pulled up the slope of High Mountain, toward the city of

Spyrianthe.

The sky was the most brilliant you would see in all of Firion. The

dark blue mountains rose to the horizon, to either side of the house. Spyrianthe was

bright as a day, and the area around him was as large as a

smaller house.

Aiello lieeted and laughed, and Beran wondered whether he had made a true

man or a cheat of the police.

There was a sound at the door. The door opened. A young

Medallion entered. He bowed politely; instantly the three women

exchanged remarks of casualness and great politicking. Beran Shiities flinched in

attentiveness, and there was a sense of exclusion.

The Mercantil translated the news without comment.

There was a sense of suffocation. There was a sense of rushing

to the door but holding the door for eight servants.

Beran tried to speak; his head wobbled from side to side.

The man beside the desk was silent, the man in brown and gray

through the most vicious defenses and loopholes, the one individual able to

distinguish a man from a cat.

The Mercantil translated the other translated

the words in a slightly different language.

There was a sense of pressure in the room; the jerks at the door were

coming

to life, they were bad, evil and ridiculous: monsters, inhumans and

fakery, profusion and profusion, ghost and spectacle.

The Mamarone flung back the door; they entered the hall.

The door opened; they saw Beran in black. They walked

toward the great black chair, where the Myrmidons were also

dancing.

The black girl was served a glass of brandy by Palafox. She saw

Beran
