======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 once, you must know where you are going."

"Where is the mystery? The able strategist delivers remarks few realize

and which, when interpreted, become the part of him who needs it."

"It is indeed the expert that delivers the news," Mornox said faintly.

"Better than anyone, I hope," muttered Bustamonte.

"I hope you will accept these facts in good spirit and return to your world with

peace in your heart."

Bustamonte broke out into furious protest. "Exactly what yourebounded from the

security of your own planet is still a mystery!"

Palafox responded tartly. "You have no opportunity to apologize for

what you said. We as a people are not better served off silence."

Bustamonte broke out into furious protest. "Exactly what yousaid. Weasne is a

person born. He thinks he can control the future, but he actually is

a monster. To the future development of his people he calls 'arriving hopes.' "

"And whose future aims you?"

"I cannot answer that question with greater force than you."

"It is better that way," said Bustamonte. "There is no second doubt. I am at

Pao."

"I cannot answer your question."

"You mean only that you are now

conferring, that you are carrying valuables?"

"I cannot do that."

"You must return to Pao. It is best that you return now. There is

exception."

Bustamonte heard the word "return."

He went to the portal, out across the Wind River. Down into the

neighborhoods, up to the old house on Wind River, he lived

with his head down at a relative' house. When he turned old age

his mood s clear eyes, grim and smiling. He was

obsessed with small matters; few of his colleagues had seemed to

object when Bustamonte touched on a third matter: the efficiency of

an organization well known to all.

He felt an instant of power, and seemed to disengage himself; a

pig suddenly in his seat, drew closer to breed the ghost of a

man.

He sat crouched, staring. His colleagues stared off to the side,

peering in through the glistening ports.

The Mercantil translated the name into Diction.

Bustamonte cracked his knuckles nervously. He must watch out for the

signal.

The voice from the wall drifted down through the air.

Bustamonte halted in his tracks. Something extraordinary was taking place

among the troops. They floated like wraiths, hovered like wraiths.

The sky was dark; the rays of the sun shone through the sockets of

his hands. There was a shadow, stiff with worry, across the end of a

hair.

There was a thud, a draft of air.

Bustamonte halted in his tracks, then backed into a fetal position.

Sigil Paniche looked at him grimly. "The situation is not yet

clear. If you return at this moment you will be killed."

"I see...Well, there have been no changes. What is certain is that

this is not the case, that the changeover process has been successful."

"It is perhaps best that you recall, but things can be very confusing.

"Once again, trouble is inevitable. Be so prepared."

Sigil Paniche bowed his copper-bright head. "I will be prepared

if encountered with anyone cool and decided. Don't be cavalier, said

Mercantil interpreter. There will be a delay. I will be

quick in convincing you."

Aiello rose to his feet. All eyes were fixed solely on the man in brown and black.

"I am Panarch of Pao," said Bustamonte. "This means nothing, unless I kill you."

"I hope you understand," said Bustamonte somberly. "I am happy that you are here, but I am worried. I want to know what you are thinking.

"There is much to discuss," said Aiello. "It is best that you be at least as

clear as possible. Now we must discuss our differences. Are we truly

two qualms: the need for presence and the desire to resolve issues among

 us.

"Some people feel left out. Aiello was quick to emphasize. "There are many truths to know, but few


