======== SAMPLE 1 ========


A man of great height, with long brown hair and a mottled black chin, Palafoxed was swaying his chair. One of the brown

face concealment loomed; another wore reinforced mesh to cover the marks of

the skin. He recognized Palafox long but he did not show it. Palafoxed surveyed the

men. His nerves had been primed; he would make an excellent soldier.

He had received no great reward from Bustamonte, but all was black.

The bucolic youth looked slyly toward a friend of his, and when Palafoxox went quiet,

furtively assembling bundles of war trophies, a squad-carrier dropped them

into the ocean.

The sea-ship made its approach, the stern of the carrier Slug. The

singing grew louder--the banners seemed to expand, to increase in

effort, their symbolic power over the future: a roaring chant, a

whisper, the call comes into being--a conga-

boat flickersky, a fist pump, a halt the ship is in

proceeds of billionths of a second increase in velocity. And then--

a cruel separation--the last of the Myrmidons!

Batmarsh Sea, with its parade of bells, grand circuses,

plaza of marvellous power, lavish parties, conventions attracted more

faint crowds than any other.

In the canton of Palafox, on the São Miguel secluded from the

south, I tried to minimize unnecessary discord. At the Carraque Palace I

dined alone, gave the rambling speech in Paonese recitation, left

the marvellous palace hours later.

But when three bushels of dark cobwebs and white phosphorous came forward,

bustled into fists and kicked out with sickle-

thrups, the three loosed ammunitions, the Myrmidons became auwulands.

The Myrmidons retreated to a corner of the room, leaving behind their

arms.

In the plaza, at the site of the former web of spurs, small

worms began to retract. As the time passed, hised and gratuitously large,

almost transparent, devicesVote of the Paonese, for his part, ferociously defended the

place. Buoyed by greed and worn-out overweening, he impatiently succumbed.

At the apartment of Palafox's, he would usually find himselfqueathses, his

entspace room adorned with projector screens, dynamic speakers,

muscles of printmaking machine.

Panarch Buazo failed to notice these, or any similar luxuries,

detailed below: a telescope, a microscope, a microscope

cap, a microscope eyelash? These had been routine part of his

monastic life, a means to an end, a few persons at a time, a

come what may. But one of the curators' aides objected to this

form, asked whether Bustamonte could not opt for luxury, and the

idea-teller agreed. Make no mistake--Bustamonte is guided by the same

conditions-of-penance principle which underpins the entire Paonese discipline:

compromise.

To Theolognos

March 8,

barrows through the plaza. The aidesuge had closed the latch,

the curators had entered, and Harriet Palafox was sitting directly

away.

The curators spoke in Pastiche, with the interpreter working from a

point-tools.ust sample-tube.phaserper. A wrench was laid over the

bone of one of the students' necks. The others looked up in

frown-

erments.

frowning, the students murmured, they gasped as they fell

down the ramp.

One by one they failed, the others advanced to hoist buck-

bags over their mouths. The others drew air-frowns, turned them tight.

they struggled with the straw-wicking device, struggled with the

needle-hinge over their noses. They were clumsy without

Fountain Of Apocalypse charms, and powerless against the students.

The others were subdued, sat on the rampnights unmoving.

The teachers made no resistance. Each gave a few words

as they put their heads down.

The students, surprised at the hostility, responded in the customary





: one: mouth-smack, challenge: Dragon Of Springarity
