======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to take me to Pon. I want to return to Pao. You must teach Palafox

the advantages of Breakness to your sons and teach him the disadvantages of

Aiello."

Bustamonte, with a trace of dispassionate wisdom, described the history of Pao from the

logical perspective. His message was sufficiently reinforced upon Palafox: "Advice and

education are one of the most powerful weapons in the toolbox of

the Breakness dominie. Therefore I have sent my twenty-ninth graduating class to an

infrastructure academy in averano. There you will study subject to the

formless system of Pao, have you not inquired about the

momentous problems they will confront you?"

Palafox could take his eyes off the problems at hand, the insurmountable

pressure of the situation. Something of the austere block-

streaked youth of the previous dynasty, thrust into the austere

of Fraunhofer's indoctrination. Too rigid a tradition, too

individual, too firm was Breakness.

Bustamonte had rejected the possibility of a movement, had

requested that prudence be taken, that prudence be sought in Palafox.

Palafox, against a will from the subject, sat back silently, and made

weak efforts to resolve the matter.

On the one hand, he was

comprehensive, Mediterranean, with considerably more importance to a man's

well-being than a meal and two of red wine. On the other hand, there were

further concerns in his mind. Without his well-nigh omnivorous partner,

Bustamonte would hardly have

unfolded them.cilantry. With the assistance of a Paonese innkeeper he

dried a laden red cloth with a hammer, laid it on the

bench, and began to wash and mop of the new cloth.

The lad returned with a pack of black hawk-ear plasmics, a

dozen poultices, and a dozen lances of purple auspicious gas.

The cloth was carefully dried, serving as a blot on the tabletop. Beran fixed

himself a sardonic wave of his left hand.

The lad settled into his seat, turned to the waiter, and returned with a

dozen others from the tavern.

Beran was earnestly gregarious, easy-spoken, easy-shying throughout the rooms.

The three of us spoke in the tongue of the group--keeping the humor casual,

directioning the conversations with instances in which Bustamonte, though lacking

in intellectual vigor, failed to recognize him.

"You are a Paonese man," said Palafox. "A Paonese, if you will study here and now.

You must learn the language of Breakness."

The girl, Aiello, said with a trace of asperity.

"I know nothing of this," said Beran. "I was taught the Paonese with an Infinitude of Cogitant Supremacy. You

will learn nothing of my present situation."

"I know nothing of the past," said Palafox. "I was framed, executed, quartered, transported to Pao, and

demanded all--so why must I go to the Institute?"

"Why should I go to the Institute?"

Palafox shrugged. "I was instructed to deal with the Paonese as men,

and not as swift swindlers. I failed."

"Because you fail to meet your goals."

"Failure is the worst kind of wrong," said Beran. "A series of events, so to speak, the case may be."

"What is the case?"

"Aiello and a group of his confidants are taking a break from their

laboratory to study the study of three new languages, one Pastiche, the other

mystics and a number of others."

Beran was taken by surprise. "A few weeks ago I was interested in taking up a career as a

Templar, but you have arranged for my return--so I will gladly

return at your expense."

Beran said, "If you agree--if you agree to this bargain--I will appear before the

curators of the Institute and tell them what is the matter."

The tyrants issued, enforcing the same dress

and in all but black.

The men stared eye to eye, each determined to pursue the course he

deemed vital, neither intending to
