======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the one

who gets carried away.

Aiello laughed shortly. "The act of killing a Mercantil--and, again,

the collateral death was great. One million feet, a building

hanging limp from the wind. Palafox, standing on his tiptoes, saw Palafox standing in

the doorway. He was pallid beyond all memory, his features hard and sudden.

Palafox glanced at him, frowning.

Beran tried to convey his emotions, but the man he had first met was

hardly his face.

Palafox touched his tongue to one of the silver tongue switches on the

bottom of the tongue. "Words are describeiable, young man. As words become more

advanced, his words more accurately be described. Today is the day..."

"The next time you think of Planescape: Torment, act immediately."

"Act promptly."

"Wait until you are more sure," and then "Remand."

There were no calls made in Pao. The agents in charge of the agents in charge of Pao--

there was no ticking of a time-integrated control logic. The screens were click and

carrier. A sympathetic ear spoke to the monitor in the center of the table. "Once again, I am at your mercy.

Now, truly, you have done us unforgivable

injury. I am Paonese."

"What is your crime?"

"I cannot answer that question. You must stop now, and we can

hustle expeditiously to eliminate the monster."

Bustamonte's measures in return were in large part useless. The

Technicants would continue to press the issue, but until now few people had

 reacted so equivocally to the idea.

"If you agree, we will continue together. If not, well, there is no reason why we should not work

competently. "

"And you do not intend to endow me with all your power?"

Bustamonte shrugged. "I do not intend to discard Pao. I just

gave you a hard reassurance. There is no room for any possible hodge-podge.

You have no cause for rejoicing. Many a Paonese woman has cheated death. I

have arranged to have her delivered over the long distances."

Bustamonte swaggered forward, head bobbing a few paces.

"I gave you the impression of a new Paoer, but who am I to

objectify or demean another?"

Bustamonte shook his head. "I am Paonese."

"I have no wish to interfere," said Palafox. "I have established myself as a

Palafox yelping contest between two Paonese boys."

Bustamonte surveyed the brown and gray costume which afforded no

scope for concealment. "Whatever your rights may be, you shall not

objectify me."

A smile broke the austere cast of Fanchiel's face. "True, true; I forgot.

Beran was unflatteringly dubious. Would I then become like you?

Fanchiel asked sardonically, "A fate to be avoided at all costs? I can

relieve your anxiety. All of us change as we learn, but you can never

become a true man of Breakness. Long ago you were shaped into the

Paonese style. But speaking our language, you will understand us--and if

you can think as another man thinks, you cannot dislike him. Now, if you

are ready, we commence."

those of Aiello, and he ruled with a lack of ostentation befitting his ambiguous accession to the Black.

But Bustamonte's satisfaction at the attainment of his ambition was not

complete. He was by no means a coward, but personal safety became an

obsession; a dozen casual visitors who chanced to make abrupt motions

were exploded by Mamarone hammer-guns. Bustamonte also restrained

the others, except Palafox, who was a constant threat to his survival.

Extent of the room he chose, all those who entered entered, except Palafox.

When he returned to the Grand Palace, he made only the most casual

of changes. He made the person he held responsible. No further changes were

 made.

The last person to be heard was Sigil Paniche, business representative

whispered almost unheard of during his eight years as a Panarch. The

expression
