======== SAMPLE 1 ========
why."

"You act as you act."

Bustamonte could find no answer. "He is a Breakness Dominie--

you must get over it."

He turned, inspected the man in gray. "I am Paonese!"

Finisterle spoke in his softest voice. "I am Paonese!"

And then the battle.

Bustamonte was exasperated. "You Paonese--how would you

deal with a Breakness?"

"I carry a heavy armamentarium with me."

"And a suitable fighting style?"

Bustamonte shook his head. "I am no warrior. But I have

a fighting style."

"And a fighting style against chaos?"

Aiello shook his head. "We have not discussed this topic. You Paonese are not warriors. But we can reconcile

this fact and we have decided to make you a Mandalorian."

Bustamonte hesitated. "Why not? The challenge seems very

many years off."

Aiello laughed. "It is a fact that each of you will serve as

the former Panarch, supplying weapons and technical assistance to

the latter."

Bustamonte and Aiello sat at a cubicle overlooking the

bottom of the city. Aiello was quiet for a moment, then said, "Nothing more need be said. I

will be at your service."

I will be gone, tomorrow.

At noon Batch marched off and Bustamonte stalked to the

terminal.

After cruising along the terminus, he arrived at Breakness.

The post was now a dozen branches of a manufacturing firm, and there

was talk of wide expansion.

Bustamonte, Ayudor-Senior of Eiljanre, approached Bustamonte.

"What is this 'expanding'?"

"We will start at Breakness. You Paonese will be

assigned to a research project. We will minarets and projection

lenses. We will create worlds. Each his own, and possibly

more subtly than before. We will chant and chant, generating sound and

sons... We will construct exteriors and beyond, and beyond

years, possibly even a billion, were left unharmed.

The sound of us will be shared, in a quasi-magical

workshop, where those who had died or who had not yet been

killed were taken to a mysterious long-necked man in brown and gray.

He bowed and weaned Bustamonte. He spoke in a quiet whisper,

 tilting his head to the side.

"I wish to speak first of the Great Palace at Eiljanre.

"It is to be regarded with suspicion. The Paonese population is

isolative, insulated from the outside world. It is therefore necessary that we

meet in private."

"I have so faruneethblowediciated me of Pao."

"Indeed? You Wheatgrass--"

"--ask this I see you did not realize were you here:

"I am Bustamonte."

"Bustamonte is to be regarded with suspicion. The Paonese

population is aprimendiative, insulated from the outside world. It is therefore

necessary that we commence now at an end."

Esteban Carbone touched his foot to the key of his key. "Enter!"

Bustamonte came in step by step. There was a delay of ten minutes,

before the analyzers could arrive at the guess-it-

indicators. When they did, they showed that Esteban Carbone

was allowing earnest hope of escaping.

"How did the Sgolaph gain access to our research?" he asked in a curt voice.

"It is necessary to a successful science. The Paonese are by no

means passive victims. They make errors, and do wrong so

that their bones have been broken, their nerve system modified, their

sons been forgotten, their offspring born after the fashion of Back

Rubber."

"This manner of thinking has no place in the Paonese state," said the Grand Marshal. "A group of Cogitants has

gone too far, or the system is broken."

Bustamonte laughed. "What is the source of your information?"

"Must I divest myself of every secret?"

Bustamonte seized him by the hand and said, "Tell me your plans for

Bustamon
