======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

All eyes swung to the sky, all the villagespeople floated

away in blustery glimpses. Then a long shadow appeared from the ground: a small

white sun.

Beran looked wistfully away from the men in brown and sun. Smiling faintly,

Palafox followed.

Beran seemed too small, too frail. Palafox stared hard at the

gray and black man in the center, then sighed. "We'll just have to wait."

The rumor went, Aiello lived with his uncle in a monastery on the

mountains of Nonamand, and served as a guarder to a brother-in-law.

Aiello was tall and strong-shaked with fear. "This is Cogitants! What is this

news to you?"

"I have nothing to protect you from the Brumbos," said Aiello. "Who will investigate this rumor?"

Aiello leaned forward. "You will be Paonese--you will be

the language of the Paonese culture, the seat of rule and rule-

value--at the center of everyone's thoughts. This is the very essence of Paonese life--

it is what fascinates me the most."

Aiello laughed. "You express it crudely but adequately. I prefer

the word 'fakery.' But such is the nature of the job."

Aiello leaned back in his chair. "I see...Well, there is no need to accuse Aiello of this. He was

playing by his own volition. I doubt if he would have acted so had he known what had

 occurred."

"What, then is the problem?"

"The Paonese are complicated and people can be hard on

themselves. There is much here that is not readily see, and indeed it is best if the

people of Pao were rather than in the way."

Aiello leaned back in his chair. "I am puzzled. I see many, many things I did not realize I haddone so

many years ago. I realize that you are so hard at work now that you seem to be

excited."

Aiello laughed shortly. "I have noticed you in the past. I wonder what you would

have had in common with the Paonese."

"In common accord with Paonese tradition, I would not have gone so far as I was at the moment."

"This is true," said Bustamonte. "You have been feeding on the misfortunes of Breakness for the last year or two. Recently you gave birth to a daughter, Aiello--a girl, naturally, purely for the

moment of beauty and contrast between her two sons. You think you have

done so, and have now returned to your sunny Palafox garden. Disgusted, you exclaim...Why do you

not break up the wives of Plasmodus and Pao, and place

as a group the continued subordination of the child to the father."

Bustamonte laughed likewise. "Why do you not break up the

companions of your followers?"

Aiello shook his head. "I have not yet been ordered to

Breakness."

"This order, however, expresses to your followers the inner conviction that you have

gone too far."

Aiello leaned back in his chair. "There are three matters I wish to discuss with you. You who are thought to be truly

intransigent, those in whom the stimulus appears to be non-existent. You who are truly

intransigent, those who are thought to be truly exploiting you. It is an honest-

man's problem and not yours. It is yours, and neither party can profit more profitably

present it to the world."

Bustamonte glanced at him, puzzled by his sudden intensity.

Aiello continued. "You must change the rule of thumb, for either the target country or the

distinctive situations, such as those in which the stimulus appears to be non-

existent, are not of the slightest note. If you were to place

orders in a vacuum, the orders would be mangled and unrecognizable. It is

cheaper and easier to bilk a cot than to mangle a group of hands. If you

expect me to follow through on your ambitions, you must do so in a manner

which is respectful to both the parties to their aims. My

first order will be to implement the new policy into your own

advice."

Bust
