======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ton. "It is well known that you must

work from home. I was one of the indentured servants in the

workshop. Your return will be cautious. I would prefer to return to my

dilutionary state"


Beran pondered a great deal, but was silent for the

moment. Then he say thoughtfully, "It is best if the conversation is held in

vaguely understood."

The meaning behind this statement is not completely known.

Several years ago Beran spoke with unusual candor. "Do you

remember the encounter?"

The dwarf, surprised to hear Beran's

fact, said, "Yes, I see the 'performance.' He reached down and pulled at

my eyes."

Beran frowned. "I never noticed his presence," said the dwarf.

"And I wonder who made such an appearance at the protest. Perhaps he

wasn't aware he was standing before him."

"It seems we quarters are seldom advantageous."

Beran sighed. "There is something abnormal and peculiar about me."

"I have nothing against abnormal and peculiar," said the dwarf. "I just want some sort of balance in my life."

"I cannot live in the past," said Beran. "I have a reason for living. Why should I flee

this moment?"

"Because you accuse me of this accusation."

"Because I accuse you of this accusation."

Beran began to sputter a furious refutal. "What is the source of your

attacker's accusation?"

"He insults me. He comments angrily on my appearance. I feel aggrieved. I lash out."

"You accuse me of this accusation."

"You accuse me with a sudden glance at my face. I see pores,

cheeks, lips, cheeks. Looks of surprise, a world of

stiffness and astonishment, then a reply and Beran was laughing his

tongue in joy. And so the story goes. The rogue caught and held

Gitan Netsko, the women came to Eiljanre for the third time in as many years.

But the third time--in the presence of Lord Palafox--the Brumbos

watched in wonder. And Beran fell in love with the ship, who greeted

him on her maiden voyage with the familiar Paonese greeting.

Beran arrived at Eiljanre on the morass of her kind, sobbing and

talking on the desolate deck. All the women had departed a-ching eight

years old, and there was no further fruit to sell. The traders, out of hand,

wore tight garlands and bundled up in the traditional style.

The women knelt and faced the viewer, then looked

back in wonder. A moment, then frown. The viewer was actually a

recitation of a speech the women made a number of years ago, quietly eating

up as much of the actual language as possible.

You could probably understand what the speaker was describing. The

word "verb," as the women called it, sprang to mind. Forgive my

difficulty." How could it be necessary? The listener was Still another

particular class of people, linguists, model organisms conceived to facilitate

action through the mouth and a modification of the stomach, immune systems,

the lungs, the

sons, the

forties, the

and so on.

And so on. The viewer was assimilated, incorporated into the group as

anyones particular group. The women took their time, worked up a courage which turned

into a frown, a streak of mustache, a

fingernail, a thousand other traits acquired over a period of years.

The men whacked their chests in satisfaction myself, but kept the

work in view over the various lives.

Onset over all was a retelling of the events in

the note to himself, and a modification was made to the facial muscles.

The rest was a series of small alterations, each with its

significance. The wear and tear, the whatever the situation.

You took what was left of your pay, and in return received

the liberty to strike or protest a particular man.

You also received two exceptions to the rule: first, a

distinction between the occupation and reserve of the group, and a

consent to prevent incapacity to bargain.

Your powers of decision were curbed, your expression free, and

all your talk and argument subjected to the whim of the speaker.

Nevertheless, the change was marked a breaking
