======== SAMPLE 1 ========


The two studied eachother in wonder.

Beran was calculating as to what the advantage to be gained by speaking Paonese at the

last moment. He peered into Aiello's eyes. There was death,

grief and The Lord of the Flats--and there was

it was seldom allowed. What would you do if you were to

present yourself for execution? He considered his planachyynesio; he

decided to somberly forego the opportunity and make his way

to the rear. He neared the castle gate, looked across the wide

chasm into which the ship would pass.

The road to the mainland, he argued, would lead to Eiljanre; the

height of prosperity. The next village, up the rugged slope of the Stumble,

was now free. Its cobbles and green countryside a place of peace and privacy

for the Paonese women and children. Eiljanre was silent; he seemed to be on

pains of what had happened.

He walked the three villages of Eiljanre, feeling that he had recovered his sense of

punishment, but still full of fear. It was impossible to flee from a demon!

He looked up into the sky. Eiljanre sky was pallid, with only

 a handful of life-threatening droughts. The boundless white light--

or rather, the Beast would he rewrite the history of his planet carry

along with him.

He chose the most remote area. Behind the monastery he camped, scavenging and

packing with a group who three times averted their eyes from the ceiling.

It was to the north-west there was no human source of magnetic field,

but werewolf and thunderclap brawls among cronies of the highest order.

Someone had spoken inside the skull of the Myrmidon. It had been Sigil Batch,

special advisor to the Grand Marshal. When the battle began, the

incumbency and braggadocio had been small--twice the space of Aiello's

score ships.

During the battle, which saw the Myrmidons and Batch wars asserted, the

vigilantes had small weapons and were barely able to subdue

Bustamonte. The Mamarone air-carrier dropped the dead-drop rocket

smashes to be destroyed.

The battle remained one of the great cataclysm, with various civilisations bearing

considerable social and military inconvenience.

Bustamonte, with a report of the battle to the effect that Bustamonte

was suffering from grief, was taken by surprise. Bustamonte

was not the first to suffer this fate. A dozen years ago Eban Buzbek,

the ancient Batmarsh vassal, had the ear of a Brumbos bravo, and if he

failed to obey, the new Brumbos would kill him.

Now Beran is dealt a fatal blow, and the Brumbos must

prepare for what may be."

"In that case," said Beran slowly, "you will deal with them as you would choose."

Finisterle nodded. "True, true. They make good warriors.

But there is another consideration. If you take action against me, there may be complications.

Will you then go into exile or will you rather

stay?"

Beran thoughtfully fingered the black mark of his mustache. "Lease with me is

very low."

"I have no alternative," said Beran. "I may flee or buy back the land."

Palafox was slightly off-guard. "In that

case there would be no need for me, and he would be able to meet the tribute."

"The tribute?" asked Beran.

"Very little, doubtless."

"And is there any prospect of a more careful competitive examination of the

form?"

"We shall have to examine each gene and cell."

Bustamonte was enriched by the occasion. "Bustamonte has

come to an untimely end."

"I must be on to my business," said Beran. "Events proceed at an ever accelerating tempo. The next year or two will resolve a number of

uncertainties

Three weeks after his encounter with Bustamonte, Beran was transferred to

Dierombona, on the island with the largest concentration of Paonese

twins on Pao. The transfer came as an relief to Beran, who

had been anxiously awaiting the arrival of his third
