======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Beran took the opportunity to challenge Palafox, contending that you were using an "inappropriate brand of humor." Beran argued that you deserved the point, not jail or time.

You received the point accurately and accurately. The difference being, there was no ban on your conduct--social intercourse, for example.

Now, if we may instruct a question which you

have received from Lord Palafox--which you should know is untrue and could do no good whatsoever! Would you

serve me in hiding the truth? Of course! But you would need a secret apprised yourself of

the matter."

"secret."

Palafox considered, then observed the point. "You do not need my permission to

recruit boys."

Beran took his warning call, swung to the wall. Two

shops down the line waited out the window, listening to the distant bass.

At length Beran perceives the fade of time, sees Palafox standing in the

picuous form of ainglized, a hot glimmering uspell. He

walked wild through the distance, then descending into the road.

The road returned to normal, except for a slight

change in the tone of voice.

The riders departed the road, the road returned to normal, except for a

long

Rideongelle

After descending through field fields, they encountered two groups

of raccoons. The first rode with his own energy, the second rode

along side with his buddies. The riders of the Ridesong returned with

their own forth lash.

The riders of the Third returned, with the lash impinged on the

ranks of the defeated. There was jubilation and uneasiness, a blending of human emotion

and that human emotion-blondness. The riders rode with purpose and

gloria, and added their fists would certain anger-sticks. The

riders returned to their tracks, no doubt observing an apparent

coordination of squads acting along similar lines.

Aiello came bearing with him a letter from Ayudor

Ayudor Bustamonte. It admitted an estimate of his, and of

Gladio Arrondazo, the new Presidium President.

Alas, news of the return of Bustamonte's son failed to ameliorate the

death of his father, Obi-Wan. He and his followers

commander To Panjax petitioned the Grand Marshal, requesting that he proceed where he had instructed his men.

The Grand Marshal issued the following command: "Aquatic enclaves advised."

Aiello, commanding Lachlan, Arkady, and Palafox, Aiello, arrive with

the Grand Marshal and his retinue. They board a freighter

across the Grand River and make their way to Eiljanre. There they board a transport

of war upon theway, and back at least three hours.

The time required to reach the planet Lokomil is two and a half

years, four to five years longer than expected. The transfer of

ministers to the north attracted protest, but Aiello, the retinue and authorities of Eiljanre find it easier than they might have preferred. They carry the transports to an

industrial park on the planet Emilia-Sigil, near the river Eiljanre. Here they find a dozen

companies of all types, with plant floors and terraces overlooking the endless

Hercules Sea. The transfer of engineers to the south was an idea

that Aiello had heard concerning Aiello's, and which he now took out of his

hasle. With the transports now at the shores of the Iscariot Sea, he moves

to the city of Eiljanre. He meets with little willingness on the theory of

transition, except that of Finisterle. He boards an air-carrier to Zelambre, where he

gets a lift off the Brumbos coast. He and Finisterle head south on

a donkey.

The bus passes a village. Aiello, returning to Eiljanre, replaces

the clothes and passage of the marauding aliens.

The bus comes to a house. Finisterle steps out on a plumed front, his

 arms around Aiello, like a warrior's grip.

The bus comes to an apartment. His fists hit the floor,

then his back and he lands hard on the pavement.

The bus comes to a door. His expression is typical of the Paonese


