======== SAMPLE 1 ========
,

and all the resources of the area were devoted to its repair and enhancement.

The Technicant's mission for this time was to arrange for an entire

mountain-shooting area, in return for a monthly indemnification. The

Technicant hoped to receive the nominal sum, but they were certain that the

incidental harm would not be too great; and if necessary, for better or worse. No

one could know for certain which side had been responsible, but upon

the suggestion of Beran, the Technicants agreed, so long as they performed

their duties in such a responsible light as to minimize the risk which

might accrue to the opposing side.

The two clans assembled on Pao, to discuss a contract. Panilin sat on the

bottom bunk of the second new building, surveying the area with a

surrogate's patch. Palafox took the stage, leaning slightly forward.

"I want this area to serve as a recruiting ground for the clans of Breakness, without increasing the population."

"We must," said Palafox. The Technicants agreed that

this was their best policy, but at the moment they worried that the area might also become overcrowded--and so, eventually, desolate.

Beran called up a suggestion from the other side. "We buy more land on Pao--how long before we do?"

"Better than an entire continent!" Beran replied with a sudden urgency. "I would buy

more land, but it will require money and it will require years to arrive at a bargain." He

sighed heavily. "I need only estimate the value of the land in the whole universe. Where is

nothing that offers more opportunity for business? The answer is everywhere."

"What better place is there to hide out in than here?"

Beran pointed out the area three times more heavily than he

conferred. "Areas in which anyone who dares to make a false pretence can profit."

"And where a person of such dignity might enjoy the fruits of his

dowling?"

"I have no problem in accepting bribes. If any one pretends to me his rightful place, he will be guilty of such injustice.

But here we are."

Beran looked back at Palafox. "Are we making any progress?"

"No, we have not established any central hub for the supply of goods." He turned to Palafox. "We do, however,

supply machinery to the clans of Pao."

Palafox held up his hand. "This is our only source of supply, a

welfare state. This is our great need--and you do not supply us anything else--you are a theft."

Beran laughed. "I do not dispute that. But I am certain that now all of Pao is

undone. At any rate, I believe that you owe me."

"There is nothing that can be done here at this time, but I must leave

Beowulf with your people." Palafox shook his head. "We can still make use of the

dunkel."

the Paonese words. "...but we must never forget that you, your mother and your

daughter are our only sons. You must serve as your father had asked."

Palafox shook his head. "We want the children of your two sons.

In return you guarantee that all of us will live to be

sons and daughters two."

The man stood tall, his long hair a clear silver braid. "There is no need

for further comment."

At his left sat a tall man seated in a chair beside a

fire. At his right was a long-necked man, seated low on a

barrel. The two men waited politely before speaking.

the Paonese words of wisdom. "The Paonese women take pride in the fact that, between them and

each other, they make a living. But their work is performed in silos. To

receive this income, women with children of their own, takes a great deal of energy, a

power which can only be used by a small number of women, and a lack of commitment

can only destroy the community. A woman such as Panilin

is indispensable to anyone. The Paonese policy is that of indenture; the

domicile must pay the debts and submit to the sons of the indenturer."

Palafox made another statement that implied a more general authority. "The men in

the indenture work as indenture trainees. When they return
