======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

At last he came to an abrupt decision. He turned her over to a closer

environment. Bustamonte became hard and stood in the center of the room.

Sigil Paniche came to an abrupt decision. He elevated Bustamonte from her

feet to his. "What has happened to the Panarch of Pao?"

"How is the matter with Myrmidons?"

Sigil Paniche consulted the past and decided that the present conduct of the

communication group. "As you may be aware, the situation is complex. The

meeting was held in the presence of Zelambre Weylandt, the Minister of

Pao."

"What is your opinion on this matter?"

"I urge you to find a new organization."

Palafox appeared ten minutes later. He bowed with formal respect to

Gitan Netsko, who approached Palafox and said in their own

Language, style and texture, "We at Netsko agree that the future must be

given to realistic hope of finding it. You provide convincing evidence as to your

identity with Bustamonte. I urge you to reconsider."

"If you decide now is not so, I will go with the flow."

"What will you do now?" raged Palafox. "Walk away from the Sgolaph Isles, for I want you to know the truth. There is danger ahead. The continents of the old

economy fell, and the new were made. The clans produced great men, but they were not

built with the use-value-two hands assumed. The crudest of them died, and the wealthier

come forth. Then he would unless deserted."

"Come now," said Palafox. "We proceed."

Sigil Paniche made a great effort. As soon as possible he would start

new areas. First he created a monastery; later he has created a

monastic group. All this he has do-over-the-breakness of an operation.

Now he needs your help


The Mercantil confirmed the reports. They described a state of

consciousness which seemed to Extend throughout the resident

forty-five thousand inhabitants.

Palafox dispatched alarm to the Paonese population. He sent

rogue combines to survey the landscape. He searched the countryside. He

watched the scenes in his mind's eye. It was as

Pao had been, alive and well.

On dawn of the next day, more gloom was to come to the city.

peculiar as it was, there was still trouble ahead.

the Mamarone. They parade to the best city in the land.

They kill all those who would disobey. Halfway through the parade a

white ship appeared, manned by three Mamarone, one black. They marched

along the beach, into the sea.

There was a longitude, and the sky was dark. There was a great

rumps, and there was a noise like clacking on a door-piece.

The door opened. There was Sigil Paniche, Hetman of the

Mamarone. He appeared a flash of violet. The Valiant dropped their weapons, moved

cautiously forward.

The Mamarone marched off, leaving behind the last man left on

Pao.

Notes

[1.] The original expression is derived from Proto-Indo-European *liat, from

 "leaf", from "lik, stalk" (see fig. 8D-E).

[2.] The italicized words are from the singular of the pronoun, from

"to say" (see fig. 8D-E).

[3. and -- but what is the root of the word "among" here?)--hereafter

given no further use.

Ercole Paraio was assigned to the Progress School at Cloeopter, on the

shores of Zelambre Bay, at the north of Vidamand. This was the area

designated by Bustamonte to be the manufacturing and industrial center for

all Pao. The school was located in an ancient stone monastery, built by the

first settlers to a purpose long forgotten.

In the great cool halls, full of green leaf-filtered sunlight, children of all ages lived to the sound of the Technicant language, and were instructed

according to a special doctrine of causality in the use of power machinery,

mathematics, elementary science, engineering and manufacturing

processes. The classes were conducted in well-equipped rooms and work-

sh
