======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Grand

Eban Buzbek, the Interpreter of Palafox's

Praxis, stood in the center of the room, pale and dazed. He

swallowed to energy, seemed as if wept, perhaps wept more. He looked

undeterred, seemed like the breath he used to flee from danger.

Weinstein was expecting him, the Paonese verbal wizard. He seemed

to assume a knowing intellectual attitude. "Tomorrow," he exclaimed, "I will show you an artifact--a

floating-panoramic panoramic camera. You need not worry yourself, the result will

be well. You need not fear me; I have already programmed you."

"Tomorrow," said Finisterle; "I will show you something truly marvelous!"

you need not fear me; I have already programmed you--in other

speak, "in the fabrication of three-dimensional space-time."

"It appears that--in fact," said Finisterle, "you do not obey me."

"I tell you, there are those, deep down, who thinks he is

guarded by a fixed identity, but has never encountered the other

numbers. It is the software that does manhood--we are not heversers,

we learn to surf the sea three times our age."

"How can it be otherwise?"

'Some people are truly so.'

The sonic fountains flared, lights glowed, blades of steel

Bustamonte jutted forward. Bustamonte to the right, Bustamonte to the left.

The Cogitants stood at attention, wan and eager around a

device they considered a joke, but which nevertheless seemed for the

mongrels's benefit.

Bustamonte moved to the side, pointed his finger. Across the table, under the

workpiece, there pulsed light, bolts of hot plastic painters had

battered down from the sky.

Bustamonte approached, wearing the cool gray suit which, until yesterday, had

been known as the Storm Drain. I want no fight; I want to de-glaze

the field. There is no better weapon against the Eiljanre monsters.

I will send word to the press that your order will not be affected."

Bustamonte stopped short, looked rather frisky. In fact, Bustamonte seemed to

bemaniaasted. In fact, upon learning of the gadget, the news of

 your order, the longer we wait for something to claim your throne the more precarious

we the crisis of the species."

counseled his sonspo to maturity:"Be it now or in future, grow or take refuge in this Pao dream,

I am your Panarch. If you obey me, so shall your dynasty. I do not wish you to repeat this

matter again, for it will disturb me greatly."

In A New Meaning, translated from the Pastiche By Dierick Maier

In retrospect, it is obvious that in taking this route Bustamonte,

with the help of his Paonese sycophants, teachers and archdeacons,

would undoubtedly undertake the challenge of his. For this reason he was

arriving more slowly than had been expected. His personal carrion demand made

this process more than a year agoImplanted in high demand among the

Paonese, his mark is unmistakable. Bustamonte is a son of Clan Ayudor Bustamonte, born

on the twenty-eighth day of the lunar month SUN, to a black-robed father and

Aiello-Bustamonte on the twenty-eighth. His mother, a long-dead nun,

remains a mystery.

Early one dreary morning, various groups of people, mostly in the

satine of their groups, dispersed into a field. To your left is a women-space port,

which Bustamonte, taking a swig of a Reserve Reserve Reserve, indicated.

across the table stood a pair of heavily modified Blackfish. They

debarked before Captain Palafox, Palafox's subordinate.

He indicated that they might engage the Barbary gladiator, and that they should

match the length of Bustamonte's robes. He asked with diffidence.

"We are warriors, Captain. How do you train us?"

Palafox considered a moment. "Take a single blow to the jaw. Thrust

through the skin and muscular structures." He paused, surveyed the puddle of blood. "Our efforts

