======== SAMPLE 1 ========

There is a difference between being a scientist and being a political class. The more you are a political class, the less your ideas you give to it. It is the political class who creates the ideas of this class; the more you say to this class, the more easily you will say to it.

You are capable of building a society of ideas. It is the individuals or groups that will be responsible for this process. If, on the other hand, they bring their ideas directly to the masses, they must do so at the expense of the individual.

There are two kinds of theories

of theory, general theories and "superior theory."

Favored or not

of the general theory: no one can doubt his true claims.

"Why not merely show us the real world?" you may ask; but if you give us some general idea, we must act on it, and, if the world were a toy, we must act on his ideas!

But you would have us understand that "superior theory" is based on the belief that the universe can be ruled by man alone, as you claim! You must make your calculations. Suppose us to believe a number of things--first, that the universe is rational, and therefore can be governed by man alone.

This is not true, of course; but the fact remains: there is no reason why the world should be ruled by a single man; we must obey our own orders.

Now, I will not say that your views, or your methods, are necessarily to your advantage: you must take care that these be true, and nothing else.

But, of course, there are many other things.

Do you think that there are any possible plans which can be laid for a society of ideas? Do you think that the ideas of this group can be communicated as universally as possible? And do you think that such a plan can possibly be carried to practical effect?

You have not taken the trouble to consider these questions carefully.

The most important idea which I find to be a part of your thinking is the idea that everything must be, or can really be, something, or which is precisely what you mean.

This idea is what you call "ideas."

A suggestion is not something which you can put forward on your table but which can be given to your next plan.

There are numerous persons who are aware that a particular idea may be effective, and who, either because of what they have learned or because they wish to change it, want their ideas to change at the rate of a single suggestion, while others see a certain point by which they might have achieved an original idea.

What these persons must make of this situation is not very certain. A few persons think that the methods of change are so advantageous that all ideas can be acted upon.

Each of these views presents difficulties of its own.

They must be reversed.

The more we learn the more uncertain this position becomes.

In any event, I must say that the general idea of human liberty is based upon a conception which appears on all the facts which I have shown. It is this idea: that every person, upon the Earth, is entitled to equal rights with all men on other worlds.

This is the basis on which no other political or religious idea appears among the individuals which I have described.

The ideas which they represent are of no importance except to make them appear to be truths which you may wish to understand.

You have at last gained admission into our public consciousness.

A certain amount of confusion is being held between two opinions. Let me now give to these three persons, who I shall call "the two camps,"--those who do not wish any particular idea to be established, and those who do.

I am the last--and this is my main object; to bring forth the ideas which will most help to achieve the goal. It shall be my task to persuade the great number of persons--and I shall be well served by the persons who do--and who do not wish this idea to be established. There is nothing in my motives to make these individuals feel any relief.

If you do not want my ideas established, you could be my enemy. Do I wish them to persist, or do they become strong enough to secure that which they demand?

I am anxious to make myself clear. I am not your friend; I would not be a friend to you. It is my policy to persuade, not change.

In my mind these are the main ideals of the group, which is to say: that of a group of individual men and women. This idea is only true, true--that is--in the basic sense. I do not want one of these ideals--if there is one, that of the group.

A group must represent itself to the interest of the
