======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and I leave

No.

"After your defeat in the original bid-

"At your expense!"

Beran was silent several minutes. Finisterle answered in a more conciliatory

 tone. "I appreciate your concern. I will return to Pao

with your original arrangement."

Beran gave the peculiar Paonese shrug. "What will I learn at the Institute?"

"A thousand things--more than I can describe to you. In the College of

Comparative Culture--where Lord Palafox is Dominie--you will study the

races of the universe, their similarities and differences, their languages and basic urges, the specific symbols by which you can influence them.

"In the College of Mathematics you learn the manipulation of abstract

ideas, various systems of rationality--likewise you are trained to make

quick mental calculations.

"In the College of Human Anatomy you learn geriatry and death

prevention, pharmacology, the technique of human modification and

augmentation--and possibly you will be allowed one or two modifications."

Beran's imagination was stimulated. "Could I be modified like Palafox?"

"Ha hah!" exclaimed Fanchiel. "This is an amusing idea. Are you aware Beran looked blankly at Fanchiel, quite at a loss. Modification, even under these incomprehensible but questionable terms, seemed a long way

in the future.

"Now," said Fanchiel briskly, "to the language of Breakness. "

With the prospect of modification removed to the far future, Beran's

obstinacy returned. "Why can't we speak Paonese?"

Fanchiel explained patiently. "You will be required to learn a great deal that you could not understand if I taught in Paonese."

"I understand you now," muttered Beran.

"Because we are discussing the most general ideas. Each language is a

special tool, with a particular capability. It is more than a means of

communication, it is a system of thought. Do you understand what I

mean?"

Fanchiel found his answer in Beran's expression.

"Think of a language as the contour of a watershed, stopping flow in

certain directions, channeling it into others. Language controls the

mechanism of your mind. When people speak different languages, their

minds work differently and they act differently. For instance: you know of

the planet Vale?"

"Yes. The world where all the people are insane."

"Better to say, their actions give the impression of insanity. Actually

they are complete anarchists. Now if we examine the speech of Vale we

find, if not a reason for the behavior, at least a parallelism. Language on

Vale is personal improvisation, with the fewest possible conventions. Each

individual selects a speech, as you or I might choose the color of our

garments."

Beran frowned. "We Paonese are not careless in such matters. Our dress

is established, and no one would wear a costume unfamiliar to him, or one

which might cause misunderstanding."

A smile broke the austere cast of Fanchiel's face. "True, true; I forgot.

Beran was unflatteringly dubious. Would I then become like you?

Fanchiel asked sardonically, "A fate to be avoided at all costs? I can

relieve your anxiety. All of us change as we learn, but you can never

become a true man of Breakness. Long ago you were shaped into the

Paonese style. But speaking our language, you will understand us--and if

you can think as another man thinks, you cannot dislike him. Now, if you

are ready, we commence."

those of Aiello, and he ruled with a lack of ostentation befitting his ambiguous accession to the Black.

But Bustamonte's satisfaction at the attainment of his ambition was not

complete. He was by no means a coward, but personal safety became an

obsession; a dozen casual visitors who chanced to make abrupt motions

were exploded by Mamarone hammer-guns. Bustamonte likewise imagined

himself the subject of contemptuous jest, and other dozens lost their lives

for displaying a merry expression when Bustamonte's eye happened to fall

upon them. The bitterest circumstance of all was the tribute to Eban

Buzbek, Hetman of the Brumbos.

Each month Bustamonte framed a stinging defiance to
