======== SAMPLE 1 ========
itory

Bustamonte. "Tell me your plans for socializing abroad."

"Foraging?"

"Serving a Small Clan."

 Beran said flatly, "I am not interested in either the

social costs or the the financial costs of the arrangement. The prestige of my

care, the respect I had as a student, and all my life, I has

been held back by my father, mother, sister, and myself. I

puzzled the Pao streets with my two most curious daughters.

Moments later she ran to the main road, looking frantically

through the glass. She turned back, peering through the glass. Suddenly she

was on the main road, moving across the street in a movement which

was to be interpreted as a progression. She passed

the bus depot, followed the train toward Eiljanre, and finally

went directly to Eiljanre. There was no one at hand to answer

the immediate and customary questions. Beran, puzzled,

swayed back to his work. "Why can't we go to the

medallion hall?"

"We will be at your service shortly."

"Surely you do not take us board!"

Beran snapped, and waggled his eyebrows. "There is no room for doubt as to the reason."

"Then why the delay?"

"We will be away from Pao very shortly."

"We agree to this timetable."

The subject of Beran's problems

returned Beran to his preoccupation with problems on the

line, with special interest in the problems to come.

"You will deal with the problems at hand before the issues to come."

Palafox said something similar in his next of

indicatesings a tapestry of light and shadow.

Beran looks up. "Detonation may be expected when at Pon, but pattern and

character are not."

Palafox laughed. "You would think that results would accrue more slowly."

"It is true," said Beran. "I noticed a pattern of growth at the base. Progress is signalled by a glow, a texture, a

feature. But what is the pattern and what texture is not? This is a subtle issue.

I have spent many a day!"

"I have studied the structure of Pao. Some of your subjects have

become questions. I haveargued with your counsel. The structure of Pao appears to be

 functioning according to your ideas. I am leaving, you will assume command. The design of your

body carries forward new questions."

Beran began to sputter a furious refutal, "I hereby announce that youBeran Eckhart, chief

warmering tautnesspatient at the use of emotion, ordersabotinth his imprisonment!"

Palafox laughed shortly. "Missing more than an hour of your

expression allowed, he was no threatat all!, that isetheless

puzzling! And hewasplaying! He was seeking to remedyhereafter.

He came across a otherkin, and two months laterwas found dead in a bath ofa

coalitionfundraiser. A week lateranothercilloner, the sameone who disdainedto bring anyone to

justice, died at the age of 64. His estate was reported to be in

distress, and the authoritiesof Pao ." . . pondered curiously. Then theyConsideration will be paid toan individual."LordPalafox, I fear it has been repossessed."No, LordPalafox, no."She paused, expecting the inquisitive visitor to giveamide formxxxiii ."Is LordPalafox wrong?""Unknown."She made no attempt at openness or mystery."He who violated this agreement may be recalledfor examination."-- To learn the history of Pao. "-- Theuncertain fate of Palafox's men in Helmand."

The next morning Palafox was seated at the right hand of the captain. The interpreterwas directing, informing Sassan Fieldagoonof the complete

description of the invasion."Many of our most advanced programs, such as the Iron Dome, are based in

south-South Pao."

Sassan frowned. "It is indeed no longer possible that we have

obstitution, a custom of prostitution now--perhaps even before the

imprint has been broken!"

Palafox replied in a slight voice."Correct."

Sassan asked blandly. "But what will we have?"

"A thousand skins, of course."

"But what will we
