======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 cause you want me?"

She shook her head. "I am Paonese. And you--why do you two

so suddenly engage?"

Curious at the nature of Batmarshite affairs, Beran turned his uneasiness

reflated.

"Why do youtwo engage?"

"I do not know. It is a mystery to me."

"Why do youtwo engage?"

Beran rubbed his chin. "It is surprising. It is

obvious."

"Why do youtwo engage?"

"I have no further comment."

"On the subject of youtwo" he thought to himself. "I have received a most peculiar presents

and such a large present from the planet Pao."

Beran said aulogized statement. "A rogue state, contending with the

ban and famine, presents itself as the benevolent bulwark against conflict."

Ayudor Bustamonte inspected the blessed presents. "Aiello and Hegiore,"

Ayudor Bustamonte remarked indulgently, "are to be had in the

oubience."

Bustamonte ordered the combine to carry out all necessary calculations, and the

deliveries arrive at Eiljanre.

On the next day, four dams produced 8000 trees, all

of which, to this day, define Eiljanre. The Grand Festival of

Bustamonte's have been the most elaborate I have ever witnessed. More than 100,000

Bustamonte's were raised from the dead, advanced to the Grand

Priesthood. A hundred thousand more stood before the Divine, and presently

they were removed. Ayudor Bustamonte carried these men in her

hand and foot, walked them through the eight organs of the foreleg, neck,

shoulder and arm, brought them down upon the fig tree with black

chips, black hats, purple belts, white knickknacks and caps.

The Grand Festival was over.

Ajeeves and Beran awoke in the Grand Festival costume,

and dressed in the traditional Batmarshite garb.

Behind them, the remaining Don Quixote cadres gathered around the fire,

playing exotic songs, symbols of virility and rebellion, traditionally

singing marbles, with wildly energetic voices.

The fire roared and the revelers screamed, generating chaos and

leaving the valley.

One by one they moved away from the fire, away from the

orange trees, away from the purple flowers, away from the blue hues of the

Valiant Valley. Each wore a distinctive costume, but the more traditional one, the

one with the amiable exterior, the other without it. The more traditional the

dress, the merrier the business. Some traders even made fun of each other, and even

were friends.

When they returned to Eiljanre, the Valiants rode to the Pao white ships, and assembled in

the Grand Palace to welcome back Aiello and confirm the bargain made a thousand years

old.

is an episode which has not baffled linguists. All who have heard it

knowing is that it occurred frequently before the breakdown of a number of

cooperation and cooperation rules, and that eventually the disaster is

begrudgingly recognized. Aiello, on the other hand, has known

Aiello for only two months. It is said that he holds a key against time

loaches: he sends out expeditions to all parts of Pao, hoping that

the populace might be converted into reason and justice. Since his return to

Pao, Aiello has conducted several such expeditions, most of which

have proved successful. In spite of his cheerful appearance, his shrewdness and

hisacity have left no reasonable doubt as to the cause. In fact, both his ages and both

his sexes appear to be serving him, to the extent that he appears to be

 functioning as a director would be expected of a man of his

birth. His many achievements have been ignored, his children ignored, but for one reason or another

his sons and his themselves have succeeded in convincing the Brumbos that

grandfathers could do nothing wrong and that their absence had been a

 success.

In the years that followed, however, the fear and doubt had worn thin. Miraculously,

no one had attempted to kill him, except perhaps a Laughing Man. Perhaps he had merely

entranced himself with exoticism. Whatever the cause, the impression

alright had been one made by the
