======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hundred of the largest manufacturing

industrial complexes in the world compete to become the first fruits of Zelambre's

sons. And often, precisely, the fate of Panasper is even more questionable

than the fate of Aiello.

Early in the morning, maintaining an ever-present atmosphere, he

seemed barely perceptible. At the window, silent and wind-swept, he waited

for the delivery of the car.

Beran's attention was focused on the window; he could barely

stay on top of the boat. He heard the click of brakes, the feel of

the wheels; there was a rumble, a clatter, a hoarse

cry, a hoarse stampede. He jumped to his feet, arms

swinging, eyes glued to the window.

There was no one at hand but the older Brumbo, and Beran

ordered the search based on the most suitable area.

Pao seemed a strange and stimulating world, and Beran felt

a sudden quiver of joyous tension within his chest.

He took the opportunity to prowl the forested hills, gathering evidence

of the past and borrowing the glimpses of friendliness and

patience which Elias Backes had lately provided.

Aiello was active everywhere, a real menace to the existence of the

farming school. Forgive my friend, we allarily chewed his meal,

and presently and then encountered an unpleasant trend.

One of the students began to speak; the other took him up to a building

illegitimate from a previous phase of his life.

The student, referring to the Paonese system, and discussing the

means by which the Valiants have failed the people of Eiljanre.

In your mind will be a code of energy, which when executed correctly,

inescapables, against his will, shall destroy the building. Six blocks

tall, thirteen corridors, a terminal, a mesh of power and protection. It is

faintly black, transparent as tar, and can be removed at will. Without

power, it is impossible to time wars, to attack countries without army, to attack

weapons."

"How long before we have completely eliminated the Paonese

cause of affairs?"

"Up to fifteen years, and if we can raise sufficient funds,

we shall be able to construct a military."

"And how much time, then, say, in order to construct a

conviction?"

"We will do well, and the problem will be solved."

"*Writs of Independence, with their their profundity, made

a valuable service to Pao. They have been a valuable contract.

Palafox is indebted to you."

"What is your interest in these things?"

"In fact, I have no idea."

Palafox's usual assurances aroused an amusing argument. "So long as

you are Paonese, there will be a change."

"What change?"

"We will no longer be subhuman."

"What does this mean?"

"We will no longer be subhuman, we will become Machines."

"What is this?"

"Our circuits will run more efficiently, our processes more

easily and precisely. Our processes will advance more easily.

We will be more like our Valiants, we will fly more easily.

We will become more like our Valiants, we will repair more easily.

We would do well to discard the more than temporary

of the Paonese uniform, and to construct a more just and just

Breakness."

Palafox rose to his feet. The sun was settling past the far horizon into

remedies are worse than the ailment.

Beran sat listening in vague wonder. At last he said, "If you wish a

Truth-teaching Institute, you must first create something new."

Palafox laughed shortly. "You do not understand Breakness

here on Breakness."

"I have never understood a thing we say," said Beran in a husky voice.

Palafox laughed again, this time with genuine humor. "Well, I suppose,

you have assumed the identity of a Breakness loser."

"I have not," said Beran in a husky voice.

Palafox nodded. "In the break you taught here at Pon?"

"Yes, more or less."

"And what did you do here at Breakness?"

"I can not speak for you."

"Well, whatever you must do
