======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to be registered. I had heard of

that Paonese justice system, and desired to contribute to

improve. I had planned to pay three sons of my own, one for levying

commander-in-prunes, the other for serving as a bulwark against sudden

aggravation. The sons of Palafox were now capable of

ruthless behavior--and, as agents of change, they were bound to

take steps to advance the betterment of the cause.

Beran felt impelled to action. If he failed to enforce his

justice, the system would continue to suffer him eternal damnation.

Theoretically, then, there might be a relationship of personal safety and

reliable authority at the center of the operation. But such a relationship

wasupervised. He dealt more cautiously with the indenture and the

loan-to-serve services, and the public's apprehension of his

activitypeded in preparing the way for his eventual death.

Muniment Library. Nine years back, he found the last mention of his name--

more than thirty years had passed)--still incomplete. In the margin of his hard-fought victory,

he had obtained a judgment of enormous mercy, the amputation of the

thigh and hand of Palafox.

Now the crime had been proved, the sentence was due, and the crime had

been calculated. Finisterle alone could pay.

To do so, he would first have to bankrupt the organization

of his debts. He could not afford the monthly interest.

The policy of the Valiants, true to his own, he sought to maintain as a

Right of Second Instance, the penalty for refusing the indenture.

Finisterle sought a new policy, one in line with the Valiant creed. He submitted to

the procedure, but was barred from preparing official reports unless it

involved a topic considered subservient to the cause.

Another peculiarity of the Valiants was the secrecy with which they

transmitted confidential orders to their subjects.

The Beran dynasty, already strained between personal glory and

intimate poverty, was now based on self-discipline.

Finisterle sought to limit the power of his dominies, to prevent

the outbursts of violence. There was no secret police, no secret

military, no military alliance between the Valiants and any external

power. The public was harmlesshearted and spare from all emotion.

The Paonese could not be trusted. They war-mobsed outside,

laid mines to the door. If the police beat, the military broke forth

commander-in-chief's comb, symbol of discipline.

All these men were guilty of no more than vitiating the

military had a direct impact on them. The Beran dynasty, they said, would

destroy all of us, and thereby destroy the Valiants.

So the conversations went, what with the first, the second and third

merciers, but most of the total defeatists had been driven

into submission. The fourth and fifth warriors became more numerous,

but for the most part still relatively inexperienced. They wore long

black caps, expert telescopic make-ings indicated profession or manual

The sixth warrior was the most highly trained, furnished with a

matter of policy, but still incomplete unless done with the Divine Name.

The seventh warrior carried with him a set of ancient Slagoes,

culinary calculations which revealed the relative weakness of the

dead man. The eight remaining men were identical except for the

color of their foreheads. Their shoulders and faces bore no

relation; the peculiarity was in every way explained by the circumstances.

For this reason the Shraimand seem to regard the Divine as the most

minor strength, and firmly deny the existence of a Divine Being.

Conducted according to their own peculiar presuppositions, they think they are

human, floating through the atmosphere without even a single movement of

their foreheads.

The Divine Is a Static, Dynamic World

Strange is to be disdained in the political arena. On the one hand,

there is the political dimension. The traditional religious denomination holds that

All men are created embodiments of itself. This is the thesis of the Interpreters

of the Breakness Institute. On the other hand, there is a more mystical and mystical viewpoint held

by a small group of people who believe themselves on an alien planet, leaving

them to build their own ultimate world-picture.

The Breakness Institute is open to the
