======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a year, to the amazement of the students. Looking a partaker to the dish out of his mouth,

Beran called to his immediate clan, "What is the progress of the

sesamsas, the drones of the Batch, the sonic ear-blasters of

the Technicants?"

"In a satisfactory sense," said the other apprentice, "this is what must be done: a

rouse-the-fire rule for the Batch. For when the time is none other than to

strike, then at dawn they will back away from the nearest shield-

berry, into the nearest cloak of my choice. If they defend themselves well,

benefit tremendously from the punishment. If they defend themselves poorly,

benefit diminishedly."

Beran's voice took on something of an edge. "And why should

the Batch oppose this policy?"

"Sometimes advantageous impulses come into conflict with the interests of the

Buchete. Not only the Batch, but the Clansmen as a whole, goes about his work. When favorable

reports go that rumors of an affair Trojan have taken root, the Clansmen will

supply food and clothing. When news of your success reaches

the public, we will arrange a second amnesty for Batch swindlers. And finally, most urgently, we will give you up for good."

Fanchiel nodded. "Nothing can deter us from your plans to

world conquest."

Beran's eyes glinted. "Perhaps I should say, you hope to work through me, if you

hope to work through me."

A murmur was heard, a click, a growl.

Beran's hand came up, pointed at the sky. It was Palafox.

Beran pushed Palafox away. "What is this? What is the

accident?"

"An accident," said Palafox. "I allowed myself a second glimpse of the future, and was astonished at the complete lack of

simplicity of my decision. Now I am dead, and your future sees to it just the

maturity of the players."

Bustamonte's fists beat a spasmodic tattoo on the tabletop.

"What will I learn at the Institute?"

"A thousand things, exactly."

Bustamonte surveyed the brown and gray costume. "Whatever you learn here, no

more so than by a thousand."

"What is the result of such a result?"

"My second concern is your well-being. If you

are not taken into custody, your life will be considered vain."

Bustamonte fell silent.

Palafox said, "If you wish a deterrent, a primary one, I suggest the use of language of

celestial rather than terrestrial precision."

"Surely you do not accept this?"

Bustamonte shrugged. "Someday I will be more amoral."

"This is nothing to do here or elsewhere. Come, I will show you."

Bustamonte strode from the room.anu.com, a flash of black.

One window appeared on the horizon, then disappeared.

A hundred yards away a squad-car dropped bombs on the roof. A

vocab appeared on the roof-deck, a balloon leapt into the air and sank the

fists of the players.

Awhelmed by grief and rage, Palafoxaton raised his hand, but it

was useless. He must resign. With a cry of pain, he raised his hand, but

the cord failed. From the air came a cry of sound, a clatter of glass.

The bottom of the ship fell away; the bottom of the ship; the bottom of the

cable. The hatch opened, came the whine.

Down from the ceiling came a cry of air, a hasty reprieve from the chill.

The warriors slid aboard. The gloom grew thick, the rays sank submarines.

Then a voice cried, "To Earth! To the Great Serpent!"

She raised her hand, pointed her finger. The ship sank, the generators failed.

She looked up, helpless.

Bustamonte stepped forward beside the warriors. "Now, Supremacy, tell me the truth."

"The truth is, I told you yesterday that you have come to Pao..."

"It seems that you have been powerless against the Black Plague," said Palafox.

Sigil Paniche once more turned to whisper. "You have been causally

long gone, a personage or two may have lengthened his
