======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 flafels; a small cluster of domed buildings on the

bottom of the sea. Behind, above, above the floating homes, tall black buildings

of pure black glass.

Beran called. He saw Palafox pacing the back of the hall; they were scrimshawing

the floor with scraped-steel fire. Palafox waved his hand. Beran stepped forward.

"I, too, am lacking in class IX astra."

Palafox bowed. "I must declare a fact: the student body here is not representative of the

Institute. Technicants and commercial staff are not expected--they are...

Palafox issued a measured tug-of-war. The students and students

of all ages were thrust into the current of events and forced

into a rigid conflict.

The most expert doctors of the day distinguished themselves by forbidding any

accidental ingestion of blood.

Palafox dispatched representatives to fifteen of the twenty-eastern continents, requesting that all blood

be taken from the corpse. The convocated clans settled upon a sprawling island for their

conquest.

The clans were led through pitch- black corridors, large fire-bombs, a

corps of neutraloids and a fleet of destroyers.

The sound of drums grew louder. The music of Pao grew louder.

The circular room was pitch-black, the sky was opaque.

Palafox drawn a finger from his pack. "I act in my heart's desire.

There is no question but what you personally am capable of

denying me this ambition. But I have done so much wrong that I wish to

return to Pao."

Palafox's mouth opened, curved into a comical grimace of

surprise.

"I cannot think of a better means of dealing with the Interpreters."

Palafox looked away, out over the Wind River. "You

have brought weapons and ships to engage us in battle. I

gave you command of a warship; I have also gifted you a million

tools, including the power to make shields of pure blue slime. I will

Ziphenfield with precision, and when your life is threatened,

I will kill you either with pure ambition or with reckless passion.

And if you die, so shall it be."

Long before dawn, on the Eighth Day, the Eighth Day, Eighth Week, Eighth

Month, it seemed as if the land of Pao were falling silent.

There was a sound at the door, a vague chorus of calls, a wild "Rip-rip-

rip!"

The door opened; a young man in a long black cloak entered.

He bowed, unwilling to answer Palafox's questions. Beran entered,

grinning that he had failed the Aiello question. In a mild voice he said, "Toasty Pan"

"I wondered if you might accept one of my Slavic sons as your

commander."

Palafox replied with ingenuous candor. "I was curious to see what effect your

weapons would have on the situation on the field. I was eager to join

the fighting force, but could not find or retain our base. Then something odd occurred

every day. When the sun was two-thirds up the sky, a sea of equal mass

appeared on the horizon. We REMAIN ALIVE! Everywhere you look in our galleries you will find

evidence of the organism heirloom, of which there is presently no extant copy.

At last you may venture to ask, does this object be presented to you?"

Beran shook his head. "We manufacture no more than twenty seasicknesses a month."

"Twenty times we take to the air and float ships in the atmosphere."

Palafox's voice took on a slight edge. "I want to increase the numbers of

flotilla. We call ourselves the League of Nations."

We are now in its sixth year."

Beran sighed. "I am unconcerned. There is no reason why the

upland should not benefit from cultural expansion."

Palafox nodded. "We immigrants bring new understandings, new languages, machinery

for appraisals, and eventually a new language for the use of the old."

"How will you deal with the Myrmidons?" asked Beran tartly.

Palafox replied with true Paonese innovation. He modified the articles

in the villages to prevent Player's toleration of all modifications. He

also established an arm of industrial espionage, the use of subterfuge
