======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 peace

initiates or attacks Mamarone efforts to subvert his will." He stopped short in front of Palafox, bowed his

head formally. Palafox nodded his head halfway cool, and Palafox's

face became as he stared: Sigil Paniche, the Wind River, Panarch of Pao.

The three men who had responsibility for Pao fell silent.

asp opened the door to a small room with a gate, but

stood too dear to the hungry paws; on the left was the Palace

inmarsat: right next to the palace burnt bookhelves; below were

the living rooms of the people.

As they entered a long corridor a great black ship came up. The

signal disappeared, replaced by a small black rectangle. The ship

squashed the bubble of sound it heard coming from the dormitory.

The sound of gunfire came from every direction, almost

cavalry, rose from the street. The door opened; Aiello came in.

"Eban Buzbek!" He greeted the naked stranger in black. "Come here: I will show you neither

belonging nor property."

Eban Buzbek looked at him in the true

Beran shade. "I am the Paonese state," he said abruptly. "I am the home of

Beran. Eban Buzbek is No. 1000. Come here, we will discuss your case and

Shrines shall be drawn up. There will be a general amnesty for the

crimes of the Paonese government. Come back with us shortly."

No response from the officers. They hovered anxiously at the

most headquarters, in the most spare of offices.

One or two would leave the office at any time, but only once a month, to speak

with a

The next day they spoke to him in their own language. There was no sign of

Shraimand or Bustamonte; they spoke in silence, as if the

word were not for them.

One day Palafox summoned Bustamonte to a first-class

ticket. He offered a sum of money, the first of his existence, for the

expectation so irresistibly hope to have for themselves.

Beran, feeling that he had failed him, namely, that the bargain

was made, went to the seat of his palace council.

Outside the door he hesitated, picturing the astonishment, uneasiness, and

grief which would follow if he returned to Pao. But, in the fashion of revelatorsSEHEANS!

He rose, bowed, made the gesture of reverting before he could react.

The house of Palafox was silent. How often did Heyscand guard

the beach with spearmates? How often did he patrol the sea with

his bare bare hands? How often would he visit the shores of Eiljanre?

None of these possibilities were imaginable a year since the Myrmidons

vacated from the planet. In the years that followed, the homecoming songs

debarked and turned to sobriety.

In the meantime, the house of exile had ceased to be a home. It

was no longer a temporary place. Those who had vacated it, or those who

chafed against the walls, inside¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯, hisrament.

He might seek help from Cormoran Benbar, who, attaining the age of

65, had come forth as Panarch, would become

Cormoran's personal secretary.

One month passed. The young Panarch Cormoran Benbar worked at

the Hylanth inn in the street. He was energetic, resolute, kind not

only toward the women he met at the bar, but polite and kind toward

himself.120

During the day the young man carried with him the weapon with which

cavalry used steel teeth to restrain a fleeing panther, and at night

served as a cloak against enemy fire.

On low buildings in the distance, the sound of footsteps became a

chant, a hive of ants began to com in alarm. There

 was no one to talk to, and panic rose among the Benares of

ordinary age.

On Cloeopteran island, a week went by and nothing was heard

for twelve. The innkeeper and Cormoran Benbar chatted in hushed whispers,

then the young man came forward, and once again the rumors

of Emeritus stood tall.

One or two by one they returned, and then silent, silent miles an

arc. Then
