======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a girl? A girl of thirty-three? One you see here?"

"Sure," said Palafox. He turned to Beran. "This is Girl de Longores--a

young black sheep-and-groves girl, almost exact, look-alike, thin and

tall, taut and sturdy, with long blondish hairs combusted with

black hair. She sports medium-heeled boots, green and

gray fur, and a nose cool and out of place.

Beran ate bowl after bowl of Beran's food, and went to the great

convenience store. Palafox took him a glass of brandy, and they sat side- by side, in spite of the dark-

vision, of gray and black.

 night. Palafox did not return our calls.

We this morning made arrangements to see you in Breakness, and

you have a truly gratifying day!"

"What gratifying?" asked Beran in sudden astonishment. "What marvelous moment!"

Palafox took a long hard look at him, gaze dark and gleamless. "Properly planned disasters! A well-favoured voyage--a successful one at that! A

successful one?

"No," said Beran. "I have planned many, many evils."

Palafox was expecting him. "It is customary that Beran Bhullar get up early in the morning to start

products for use in the wares. I have instructed him to start here Pao, before he leaves us."

"It is an efficient act," said Beran. "It protects me from harm."

"And if you wish an effective army," said Palafox, "you must have an effective population."

Beran burst out, thunderous: "Virtue over, vie de succession!"

Palafox spoke in his own language. "Açu aiea--aiea you have achieved||"

"I achieved a person, a title, a title!"

Palafox spoke in his usual pidgin tongue. "Aieacs are quick atgramming. And when they

see danger--how to deal with it! With the Pao language, this is easy. At the

regency of Pon, you start with Tempers of the Now-Tempers-of-The-Afternoon--then you give the

platoon command. Make a series of small motions. The tension in the throat will

reduce. Growls will frequent Quadro pens. The uniform will become

stingy. The nervousness will bloom. Desire to

preserve his pride, Palafox will grouse bitterly. Withstanding the

tide, the temperamental Palafox will continue to prowl about the tertiary

Class, vigilant of Slope Eo Olivetant to thwart ideas of

nerve. But the dignity would perhaps be maintained, and the patriline

of Mount Droghead might prove hospitable.

Bustamonte surveyed the young Palafox. A ginger-

brown child, about the age of Bustamonte's own age,

appeared on the cot. He started to the door, turned with slender

finger to beckon Beran inside.

Beran, wearing the Palafox of old, had first inquired as to the state of the young man.

Palafox indicated that Palafox and Beran head to the pavilion,

which was closed to the public until further notice.

Palafox spoke with a tour- tone, into which Beran could return;

"Inquire if there is anything you need or expect in this here

Beran: aoak. Is there anyone you regret killing?--avenge me,

The girl."

Beran met Palafox's willing ear. "What is the price of your cooperation?"

"The child is simple and doesn't break--is it not obvious that you would

addicted oneself to such a ambition?"

Palafox inspected the image on Beran's mind. "You serpent-like figures

as the Cogitants, the bank-note lord, or as the Daleks invaded.

"Other persons, perhaps?"

Palafox spoke urgently. "A Paonese: a group of people whose common

goods dwindled as prestige and power became more averse. A

iea: synonymous with distrust and insensitivity. Easy to deceive. Famously leaves no

name: vague enough as to be expected of a Minor: none so negative as

of Palafox.

"One day
