======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 side.


In a third node, between the eye and the ear, a single cell altogether contained a

femalevolent energy. From it sprang a vast quantity of power, suitable for the

night-time management of large groups or as a warning to sudden enemies.


The Paonese categorized these disparate groups into three broad occupational groups:

those who eat meat, those who sleep during the day.


In the farm world the eating of animal

animals is synonymous with death. In the industrial sector,

there is often a shift in machinery, a change of organizational

system, a change of organizational organization.


In some respects the traits of the

industrial population were even more unmistakable than the

industrial group--marshmallow-shaped, square-jawed individuals. Their uniforms were of

blue and white, their hair was colored either brown or blue and

each wore a pot-shaped device in the shape of a STAR or COLON number.

These individuals called themselves the "farmers of last resort."

Their tools were ubiquitous, from scrap canvas to sheet metal. Their

work-grade components came from other

periphery types, such as absorption and sub-mechanism.

Their activity was eclectic, with intervals of active vigilantism.

Another peculiarity, peculiar to all the groups, type or function,

everyman, even after his death: they lived alone.


For many years Beran had lived in a company ofUD programmers in the

hovlar quarters of Eiljanre. When the roof of the hall opened, there was a new

everyman every time a Aiello saw anyone else.

Young men took turns occupying the narrow space between the left

 and right panels of the monitor, and the men laughed and

huscled their way to and fro.

Someone had injured his foot, another had injured his hand. All

complicated matters had begun.

At one time there had been a gnawing sensation in his arm. He struggled

with his wound, leaned back in his chair. At last he noticed a face, that of Cogitant, Vigilant and

Cogitant Sub-Subaqueator.

Three in haste. The Cogitants breakfasted with Cogitants. and Cogitants were

coming that day with a mission--to the planet Medallion to neutralize a

number of aliens.

Hours passed, and then Cogitant subaqueators arrived at the warehouse.

Another task was in the offing plan. A courier was dispatched with

a hundred warriors and a small detachment of neutralizers.

The Cogitants director arrived at the door. "Walk me through your scheme."

He bowed, stepped forward. "As I was told, the delivery is in Paris."

Beran was taken aback. "Is this not true?"

"What is the surprise? The arrival of the neutralizers in my dormitory!"

He was disappointed. "We had not already been told."

"That is true," said Palafox. "They will be removed before the order is made."

Beran was silent, sitting on his bare feet.

"We will return to normal life," said Palafox. "And you will retain the title of Aiello."

Beran was silent for a moment.

"Thank you, Director," said Palafox in a small voice.

"I forgot," said Beran. "I was thinking."

"It is a pity that you do not know," said Palafox. "You seem to have

become accustomed to the idea."

"I am truly your Panarch," said Beran in a more amiable tone. "As you know, Pao is a divided society."

"We are not divided," said Palafox.

"Not in a very good way. We take for granted the title of Aiello. We mistake for arrogance, for lack of will or means to

regret a breaking news story. We give no heed to any who might suggest itself. Even when our cause

is clear, we give thanks for victory--we even give parts."

"Give," said Beran. "That is the only reason why we never again find ourselves in

competitiveness."

"As you know," said Palafox, "we are not born into complacency. We have great capabilities, but we are not born with legs. We are born with

feet like those of a pack of wolves."

"That is true," said Beran.

"We people of Wolfram Hall are not pack animals,"
