======== SAMPLE 1 ========
A great

reputation had been paid to the valor and dedication of the

forces. But it had not been for the duplicitous, craven and treacherous

man who had scuttled the previous day.

Overhead the black curvy girl considered leaving the

planet, to the extent that he cut her a funeral present. He was anxious to

establish cause for a grievance and demanded the delivery of the

antonyms.

The despatchman delivered the fatal shot--a sadistic

animation of death--to a sad purple woman. The woman

was unconcerned, indifferent and interminable. She turned after

woman, turned after woman, until they stood across the sea.

Bustamonte sat slumped in the seat beside the woman, quiet as a

black carpet.

You have done us unforgivable degradation.

"I count our relations with Pao outsider Beran has bugged us many a time to gain a guess at the

nature of our ambition."

"And how much, estimable Panarch, so rarely do

you deny your ambition?"

"I speak, doubtless you have failed."

"Some weeks ago, as we lay in Eiljanre, a sudden inspiration swept across us. It

was that unknown sea-ghost, changeling of uncertain means, fair in Aiello's

name but dim and chatty, he glimpsed a man of medium stature, thin and

old, hair black and twisted in knots, legs long and tapering. He wore a dark brown

Finque, a gray-green leotard, a trim frame built into the shoulder

of his head.

He spoke; the words echoed over the far table: worldleave!

The man stepped aside with a signal. Forward swung the latch. The

caughtrummer swung after Beran, leapt for the kill.

But when he swung noiselessly back, there was none of the acrid sting

of delay or wrath, and neither party appeared.

Beran stared with open eyes, angry and angry for his life. He

swayed back and forth. "So does he destroy himself," he groaned between his teeth. "So should I be satisfied--but how bitter the insolence of this young coxcomb!"

The Cogitants came to Eiljanre, settling in the old Beauclare Quarter,

south of the Rovenone. As the months passed they underwent a change,

almost, it seemed, with an air of joyous relief. They relaxed the doctrinaire

intensity which had distinguished them at the Institute, and fell into the

black shapes. He stopped in the center of the room, inspected Beran from

head to foot. He spoke in Pastiche, his words wry and pungent as the

language itself. "You carry yourself like the last man in the universe."

Beran smiled wanly. "When today is over, for better or worse, I will

sleep well."

"I envy no one!" mused Finisterle. "Least of all, you."

"And I, on the other hand, envy all but myself," replied Beran morosely.

"I am truly the popular concept of a Panarch--the overman who carries

power as a curse, delivers decisions as other men hurl iron javelins...And

yet I would not change--for I am sufficiently dominated by Breakness

Institute to believe that no one but myself is capable of disinterested

justice."

"This credence which you deprecate may be no more than fact."

A chime sounded in the distance, then another and another.

"Now approaches the issue," said Beran. "In the next hour Pao is ruined or Pao is saved." He went to the great black chair, seated himself. Finisterle silently chose a seat down near the end of the table.

The Mamarone flung back the fretwork door; into the room came a slow

file--a group of ministers, secretaries, miscellaneous functionaries: two

dozen in all. They inclined their heads in respect, and soberly took their

places around the table.

Serving maidens entered, poured chilled sparkling wine.

The chimes sounded. Once more the Mamarone opened the door.

Marching smartly into the room came Esteban Carbone, Grand Marshal of

the Valiants, with four subalterns. They wore their most splendid uniforms

and helms of white metal which they doffed as they entered
