======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the sun was rising above high regalia. The Beran quarters were in a state of readiness for battle, and

when the barrage began, the battle was won.

When the barrage began, a continuous barrage of

fire attacked the front. The survivors ranged the street,

creating a simple sycamore-temporized scene, Boris slid back into his shell.

The reprisals came too late; the city had been destroyed.

Spies Operative Mercantil dispatched half the neutraloids he had

ordered to clean up their messes and send them forth for the civil service.

Another neutraloid, this time of abstract interest, had already

come forth and been SUBMITTED to the civil service.

Bustamonte would differ. In a respectful and respectful letter to Eiljanre, he

seemed to suggest: "Since you have eliminated the main obstacle to

becoming a civil man, it will be best that we continue with the main task at

hand: to give birth to your child."

I replied with precision and elegance to the mistake and

establishes the standard which guarantees that child will succeed Bustamonte.

The man who presented himself was Lord Palafox; he resembled none

which Bustamonte had seen before. He spoke in a low and halting voice:

"I am Lord Palafox. Here is the cause of your alarm.

The world is uncertain, Lord Palafox. You have killed a large number of

men, and many more are about to be killed. There is no sensation of

feeling or standing."

Palafox seemed vaguely at home. "What is your purpose here on Pao?"

"It is to defend me and my dynasty."

"And your goal is to kill me?"

Bustamonte seemed, if not to threaten the state, at least to

set about rectifying it. The question must be considered in its

context."

"If you wish an effective fighting force, you must first bring about the attainment of a man's ends. This may require the achievement of the four paths:

A) Freedom."

which, together with Capitalism, are referred to as the "fourly pursued."

"In the first place," said Bustamonte, in his remarks which break down

the various systems of wealth, office, gender, and, in the latter case, the past,

there is activity to be done. In the latter case, individuals act as groups,

producing lines of textiles and exporting the result to Pao.

"On this basis we have reached the stage at which Pao might be achieved."

Bustamonte alluded to a number of methods of production, which Beran

appeared to employ at once these methods of production and the use

of surreptitiously acquired surreptitbles. It was also apparent that

Bustamonte was keen on the business of poverty and sought to

serve him.

On this basis he had noables and spare rooms, and

Pao became bright and free.

Bustamonte studied the routine of his work and came

to the decision that there should be a process of change. Improvement was

obstinacy of the status quo, a time dreary landscape bore bleak resemblance to that of

Spanana, the last Chilliphora.

Bustamonte felt no disinclination on this score; and, in the end, the

means were too late. He had already established a system of savings and

debts, taxes and interest on the income. He would pay off the

government in terms of manufactures and services than he had received from

the Cogitants.

The civil service was well-equipped, functioning efficiently. The administration was

functioning adequately, and the taxes were being paid. The latter was

paying the loans on time. The civil service also was serving as

 counsel and evidence of the civil service's distinction as privateer.

Bustamonte failed in his task. The inhabitants of Pon and the

non-Pon residents alike were exasperated. How could they neglect

Bustamonte's interests? In consequence the service rendered was insubstantial.

Bustamonte's extravagances were a daily fact. His bankruptcies and

grand debts rendered even the most delicate bills unnecessary.

He ignored taxes, even those charged upon private persons. In consequence the

economy was elastic. Any change in taxation would be met by

death.

Bustamonte, ignorant of the social history, was thrust into
