======== SAMPLE 1 ========
er with his fists

hands in the air, shouting, "Free speech! No military coup!"

The crowd watched in unerring intensity. The crags and hollows of the earth

became cancer-free, and the mud-caked hills and forests of the Central Pacific rose above.

The sea-scooped corvette Emmett Brumbocrushed Thesrapant from the scene.

The Grand Marshal and Aiello's personal bodyguard, Aiello drove the

corvette home. They drank a drink of wine, Eban Buzbek said, and came into the

aiadhvaroformandandandfound a desolate plateau.eccentricially studied the people

walking the land's lower countryside. He came to the barren plain of Ayudor

Ramonte. Standing before a cliff, he felt rather tired. He

watched Cersei sailing toward the South. She turned dully to skim the face

of the planet. This gentleman had visited too many ports. Should he board

Aiello's personal stele, he would board no less than the great houses of

Brumbocello.

Above, in the misty slope, he watched the magnificent castle of

Brumbocello, the black hull sinking like a weight. Below, in the misty

glacier, stood a cloud of your hand-built castle a show of respect.

Brumbocello was magnificent, magnificent! A hundred miles

away, in the remote village of Finisterle, a young woman had arranged a

birth. Pavel Durosov, the future Beranmantor, experienced puberty swiftly. His fellow-peers, like that

synerstellar display, would have

reestablished life on Breakness.

Dilipso appeared ten minutes later, pallid and nervous but totally

serious. Eban Buzbek, the future Batch Minister of Transport, appeared beside him.

tall, piercing as a glass boat; his hair gray and sandy-white; eyes gray and gaunt

in this composite alternate continuity with his more

faintingly austere peers. He was kinsman to the present Ignoble dolorous recreant, and

clearly Paonese of any rancor.

After the ceremony a debauchery committee followed Finisterle, selecting one

peculiar future student and removing it to any other Paonese establishment.

Aiello, Eban Buzbek's younger brother, stood at the ends of the table,

dressed in traditional Paonese value. He had a shock of blue and white,

swept with ember. He was combed, examined, measured; with a Paonese score of

20, he was joined to the standard roster.

Aiello winced in his seat, expression blank. He looked

cautiously to the right, toward the dividing node of the computer.

The Eiljanre River flowed past his hometown of Eiljanre, over the

crop of land once inhabited by his great-great-grandchildren--a long way

back. He listened,rieved by the abrupt absence of his own son,

Beran Poroshenko. The war was crushing and his interests at stake

were clear. How could he return to Eban Buzbek? He must

leave the Donbas and join the Doncovici of Batmarsh.

He consulted the contracts he might read, and the phrasing of which he

Early Beran's numb awareness recalled evinced an almost Beran force.

"No question," said Aiello. "He wants to return to Eban Buzbek."

Aiello looked his surprise. "Ah, yes. Aiello! The coward! Aiello takes no pride in life,

heirlooms in front of the Eiffel Tower, where he meetings men of many

and women of many kinds. He comes to Eban Buzbek expecting to

restore order. He awakens to find the former ruler taking his place.

Biography"--an extract from the novel by the river Eiljanre--

gave birth to Aiello, son to his half-sister, and to a great many grandsons.

Eban Buzbek remained at large. The new government of

the region was made up primarily of Menelaus-donand, son to

Eban Buzbek's uncle. Ebanbuzbek became fond of green energy, like

Aiello, and built a billion-watt plant to make plastic and steel into

fountain pans.

