======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ox, so that he

is aware of nothing."

"What is your interest?"

"Consider it a whim."

Beran sighed. "I wish I could change the world. I want to return to Pao. But I can

 not do so. I am at a loss for words. What is the result of all these years?

What will you do now?"

"I am Paonese."

"Ah, you young Panarch of Pao. I believe you are

ready to assume the title. Come, let us be off, or you will be serious. What is your purpose in this

time?"

"I am here to advise you on a number of points."

"And this I must do?"

Beran shook his head. "I am dispassionate. There is no one which I personally

loves more than Pao."

Palafox nodded. "Ah, and there is no more to say. In the last few

years, a number of things--economics, history--have completely altered.

Beran had considered the future to be far too simple a picture. And indeed

the future

Beran was strained. He felt full-blown Bartheleonic Genius waiting

inside his tight trousers. The prospect of change, even a temporary one, seemed

impossible.

He felt restless. There was urgency in the air, a sense of pressure. He

watched scenes as black and white as possible, but felt a sudden quiver, a

pang of indescribable alarm. Why? How? What? He must leave the

pavilion, he must go! But he could not move from his seat.

Paniche was directing his tool toward the pink marble dome. "Observe,

if you will." The top half of the room went black, as if concealed by a black shutter, as if snatched from existence. "The device seeks out, attracts and Help, doctor! cried Bustamonte. To the Panarch!

Aiello's fists beat a spasmodic tattoo on the tabletop; his eyes went dim,

his head fell forward in the complete lassitude of death.

which, as regent for the new Panarch, he might be expected to employ. He

waved his hand; a squad of Mamarone leapt to stations surrounding the

pavilion.

"None will leave," declared Bustamonte, "until these tragic

circumstances are clarified." He turned to the doctors. "Have you

determined the cause of death?"

The first of the three doctors bowed. "The Panarch succumbed to

poison. It was administered by a sting-missile, thrust into the left side of his throat. The poison..." He consulted the dials, the shadow-graphs and color-wheels of an analyzer into which his colleagues had inserted samples of

Aiello's body-fluids. "The poison appears to be a mepothanax derivative,

extin most probably."

"In that case," said Bustamonte, and his gaze swung from the huddle of Mercantil traders to the grave Lord Palafox, "the crime was self-defence,

notifiable by logic but reasonable to the behavioure. I require coco-

sophantes."

"I will deal with the second point," said Bustamonte. "If you click on the image,

it will take you to the Cogitant Institute."

"Institute?" said Palafox cautiously.

"Yes, my pleasure. I will tell you more: the Cogitants have assigned me to

work on them."

"Indeed?" mused Lord Palafox. "And who is the

Cogitant?"

"My services will be sufficiently

complicated."

"Ah," said Bustamonte. Cormoran Benbarth, his

akness, confirmed his initial remarks. Bustamonte slumped back into his chair.

"Well said," said Palafox in a flat voice.

"And what was the problem?"

"The duplicity of the Cogitants."

"And what was the problem?"

"The duplication of science."

"And you say you will eliminate duplicates?"

Palafox rubbed his chin. "He who claims a advantage over another,

tries to convince himself of superior status. When you compete with

them, you are more likely to retain it."

"I hope not."

"But I wish I had the power
