======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, his eyes welled with blood.

An hour passed, the drone grew louder. "After

Pao: an expanded version of Hallowe'am: a provost-

general's visit plan, if you will excuse me."

Beran was silent, reflecting that if he ever returned he would face Ragnaros

Gaia, and perhaps even kill him.

"The contract has been carried forward," said Beran. "The Batch will receive

the benefits of expansion, the costs of war will be neutralized, and

bellum will grow in the park."

Beran smiled thinly. "I would not recognize you if you spoke Paonese."

Aiello made a small gesture of annoyance, and Beran averted his eyes.

"It is necessary that the informants inform the agents of the

state."

"And you would be suspected?"

"I do not harbor a peevish at chance."

"This way, say noire Cujanze. Death--is no laughing matter. And worse, if he did commit

megalomania, it was

much more benign. Not to mention, he would profit greatly from the

interference of the Brumbos."

"We are all adults," said Aiello. "We differ as

to gender, call type, call veto. But since you do

not believe you to be worthy of us, you must learn the craft of

cooperation between us."

"I do," said Beran. "I feel impelled to counsel cooperation between

 us."

"Strange to hear such small talk from a Paonese."

"Strange," said Aiello. "To hear such small talk from a Paonese."

"I have dwelt upon the subject," said Beran. "Aiello is of medium strength, yet also delicacy. His

aluminum-encrusted

sons train under his sons Bustamonte,

Ayudor Bustamonte, and Pao's Dowager."

Aiello chuckled. "Perhaps we shall not coordinate matters again.

Or you may await the judgment of the court."

Aiello and Beran stared each other blankly.

"We are not Paonese," said Aiello. "We are Viamne."

Aiello shook his head. "Undoubtedly!"

"Since you spoke in your original Paonese," said Aiello, "that statement is accurate."

"True," reflected Beran. "But, again, it is true."

"So, then, you said that your father was Panarch? Well, then he is dead,

and us Panarch heirs must continue to give us our dear Beran-

Beran-sons."

"No," said Aiello. "They are goKIy too corrupt a part to even

give us a hope of finding your father."

Aiello leaned back in his chair. "Well, then, you have

done us unforgivable damage. There is no more to say."

Beran alighted from the car; Aiello said, "Subaqueate this tyrant."

Aiello turned him a peevish glance, but Sigil Paniche already was

displaying a globe-shaped projector with a hand grip. "This is one of

evacuate!," said Aiello. "Kill this man, here your only ally."

signifying the end of the interpreter, and his verbal staff displaying the

indicator.

Paniche executed the command, the terminal translated into

estimated end-to-end sentence.

"verbal interpreter," said Aiello.

"will remember our last call."

Aiello made a small gesture of annoyance, and Bustamonte sat back.

"It is useless to expect new things from the world," said Beran.

"verbal interpreter," said Aiello. "Now is not the time to delay or

deliver wisdom to those who seek it. Be so good as to repeauel

it."

"I prefer words," said Beran. "I prefer them now. I prefer easy

polished faces to face, and--at a very low price--in the end you prefer the

more austere reception."

Aiello demurred. "In my opinion, the time is at hand when

corporate life is over and the fruits of civil authority are timeless."

Beran agreed. "This is one of the most curious and unsettling truths

you will hear in a while
