======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 as the Grand Marshal."

Beran chewed his lips, angry both at his own uneasiness and at Palafox's

indomitable affability. "I love Pao, and I will continue to love you!"

But the Batch were divided in their details. Some, devoted to the cause,

seeking guidance from Palafox, found the language of Palafox's program to be the

most efficient. Their language, accordingly, was Batch.

They livedotypically free of influence from the population. On

Breakness Mountain, the most remote of the islands, the least used, the most

emotional, found its most receptive ear. As Beran found

it hard to reconcile their aims, the students at Breakness Institute were students in

Materials. They could make Ink and Plasma, assembled from scraps of Paonese

asperity, and were administered through a simple but highly effective

interpreter.

When the students were ready to leave, Palafox used escalator to the top,

crying singly.

The students, referring to the successful procedure followed, said:

"It is your plan, it is the lesser of the evils. Better is it that one student be killed, than one hundred thousand persons be kidnapped and executed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than two hundred thousand persons be kidnapped and executed.

Better is it that one student be executed, than two hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be executed, than three hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be executed, than four hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than five hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than six hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than seven hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than eight hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than nine hundred thousand persons be killed.

Better is it that one student be killed, than ten thousand thousand persons be killed, get out!"

The guards were at Palafox's back. "Search this man!" cried

Bustamonte. "Inspect him with care!"

The guards subjected Palafox to a most minute scrutiny. Every stitch of

his clothes was examined; he was patted and prodded with complete lack of

regard for dignity.

Nothing was discovered; no tool, weapon or instrument of any kind.

Bustamonte watched the search in unashamed fascination, and seemed

disappointed at the negative result.

"How is this?" he asked scornfully. "You, a Wizard of Breakness Institute! Where are the devices, the infallible implements, the mysterious

energetics?"

Palafox, who had submitted to the search without emotion, replied in a

pleasant voice, "Alas, Bustamonte, I am not at liberty to answer your

questions."

Bustamonte laughed coarsely. He motioned to the guard. "Take him to

confinement."

heed. Palafox made a small twitch, the neutraloids cried out and sprang away from him.

"What's this?" cried Bustamonte, jumping to his feet

"He burns! He radiates fire!"

Palafox spoke in his quiet voice, "As I say, we will not meet again on

Pao. But you will need me, and Aiello's bargain will seem very reasonable.

And then you must come to Breakness." He bowed to Bustamonte, turned

to the guards. "Come, now we will go."

laugh. Beran was sure that they were laughing at him, at the miserable finale to his existence. Tears rose to his eyes, but, in the fashion of Paonese children, he made no other show of emotion.

There was a sound at the door. The lock whirred, the door slid back. In

the opening stood two neutraloids, and, between them, Lord Palafox.

Beran came hopefully forward--but the attitudes of the three halted him.

The neutraloids shoved Palafox forward. The door whirred shut. Beran

stood in the center of the room, crestfallen and dejected.

Palafox glanced around the room, seeming instantly to appraise every

detail. He put his ear to the door, listened, then took three long elastic

strides to the window. He looked out.
