======== SAMPLE 1 ========

In general, the ideas of Breakness are based on the idea of a

world of their own, without manipulation or causality. Such is Breakness.

It is surmised that Paonese history will be generally similar to that of

Aiello's, for both groups will be able to easily come to grips with

the importance of tradition and the importance of state.

The second characteristic of Paonese is a high caste. Here is the

most general expression: 'The Paonese have no superiority over the human population.' This is

true even for the human population: the high death-rates, the sparse birth-rate, the

huge social and technological backwardness of the area, make for very interesting families

upervised by artificial inks, and very easy on the devices of Breakness.

Another fact which has never been satisfactorily clarified is

how the Paonese have managed to maintain so much machinery on Vril. Their

industrial complex they have described in such detail as to be

unnecessary. Indeed, the very idea has been attempted at every possible

stimulation.

Recently I came across a document which, if examined under the wing of Eban Buzbek, revealed

how much power and prestige the Paonese have in this country. It is now

forthcoming, and will be enjoyed! I have studied it carefully, and think it

necessary that the topic probably should be considered no later than

the present; but, as you know, this is a poor plan. The time has come when nothing more

warships can be purchased, and warships produced and maintained by middle

men."

"And since the latter is no longer a threat?"

Palafox looked at Bustamonte with scornful amusement. "What is this

world with its crappily intricate systems of manipulation and manipulation

? The Paonese are a world of manipulation and manipulation--there is no

general sense of the word. You have manipulated me into signing this contract. I have

signed it with your tacit consent. I will marry you, and if you will leave

Pao, you will leave me. I will take you to Eban Buzbek, and if you will come

Lex Luthor, and kill him must be considered, not a decision made. I am

determined--I refuse to submit to any love-making, any assassination, any

charge of rival ambition. I am young, witless, quick to anger, and usually unreasonable. Nevertheless, I

knew nothing of the bargain--I even saw the exuberant little girl running away

from the tyrants she had met, and knew their reactions to the

instructions she made at Breakness Institute were alike.

She ran--knew nothing of the bargain--she ran away from the tyrants she met, from

the facility to kill herself. There had been no abnormality, no such

diffusion of traits one way or the other. Had not been, the inexcusable

crime against which she had been charged.

The tyrants she had met were inexcusable, because they had killed

Beran, inserted themselves into the history of the universe. The sentence

of death was a part of the miracle of human history, and its

reign would be contemptuous of the achievement. The girl was beautiful, the features beautiful and the

face-expressions remarkable. But the general public would laugh at her achievement,

and would sponsor the girl who presented herself.

One day Bustamonte heard the news, and made no attempt to evade it.

On the way to the Institute, he landed a ship of attack, and com-

bined the price, reached the International Space Station, and was transferred to

Intelli-

Vita. He disembarked, signaled to Palafox. "This is the man

Who Sold The Brumbos To The Sector Cogitants. Aiello, the Batch Stealers have completed their shipment of

weapons to level all Pao. I have also begun a new program of development--a

 program based on infinite possibility and individual initiative. This is my present

formulae and plans. I am greatly honored and deeply indebted for your

knowledge and assistance."

"Thank you."

Palafox was as speechless as a youth at the development of a idea. He turned to the

man in Moscow for a number of verbal reprimands. Then he turned to Bustamonte,

and stared in wonder.

Beran's mind wandered. Had Palafox personally delivered the

obvious words? If so, what
