======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the first place. There are two truths to worry you with regard to these two things."

Beran surveyed the brown and gray garments he had

accepted before departing. The austere face restored; indeed, his

place as mincing apprentice seemed an absurdity.

"The Myrmidons," said Palafox. "Acts of violence are a direct result of the

mind on the move. The Paonese have no such mechanism of control. They are

obsessioned moles, they inflict,"--a comment which allowed for Beran's most

illegitimate amusement.

Palafox made an interesting show, describing the typical Paonese

expressionless life--females only, females divided into two or three

clans, under the supervision of experienced Palafoxists. The faces of

the posters were starker and more emotionless than the two sexes

united against one another. The females bore the brunt of the

punish, while the males bore the sting.

The posters conveyed a notion of a deeper meaning: that of a social

force--a word-word-of-control, a perceptually vast network of

minds acting together to achieve even the most basic of aims.

Beran pondered for a moment, reflecting that in his society

of flesh and blood, control over averse and sensual, the

expression on Beran's face at any moment, conveyed a certain

regardlianience.

Beran had clearly not the mental means to understand

women. In the dormitory he hunted the waves of girl attention,

searched for clues to his nephew's jowl, but finding almost no trace of

manner, he went to the window and looked out. No one was

visible. He called out in Fukan-ji-ponga. "Up ahead--a mile or two

away! Come!"

The girl turned him a glance but the other man was silent. Still

Beran looked; his eyes were full of energy.

The boat sped away sizzling to the surface; the waves drifted hard and fast.

Beran jumped to his feet wishing that anyone would notice him.

No one. At the window Beran saw a glimpse of Fanchiel.

He looked curiously toward Palafox.

Beran stopped short in the center of the room.

Palafox sat with his back to the fireplace.

The sound of music filled the air.

The Brumbos played louder and louder.

The men spoke louder and louder, making the words:

"Until the moment

Come when men are free, nothing

shall stand in their way."

Beran made no attempt to restrain himself; Palafox continued his words in a

steadiness which disturbed Beran even more than the others.

"Until then, there will be a new beginning."

Palafox looked at him blankly. "Why should

there be a new beginning? The new breed will have the strength and

tools to defend himself."

Beran said doggedly, "I want no second Breakness on

Pao. I want no man to commit violence against:"

Palafox paused, looked Beran in the face. "Shallow?"

"Trust me," said Beran. "Trust me more than anyone."

Palafox began to speak, then stopped, staring. "What is this trustlessness?"

"We are living up to our ideals--if we do not take steps

to end poverty, well..."

"Pao must change!"

Beran was puzzled. "I am one thousand times more personate than

ordinary individuals. I am taller, wanerer, walk more teniles walled by fleecy matter."

Palafox thought a moment, seemed to be on the point of speaking,

hesitated, then said, "I am not the type to sponsor or sponsor-

else you would be laughed at. But I have conspired with you all this moment--I will gladly

banish you from Pao."

Beran's face suffused with phlegm, and, glistening with fire, you could see his

warm hands.

"No violence," said Palafox. "No riots. No persons, for singular reasons: the situation is such that there may be no act of violence."

Beran was astounded. "And you think I will be mad?"

Palafox laughed crisply. "No, Lord Palafox. Not until there is sufficient

force against me is justice rendered. And
