======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 as a

disturbing prospect" is now considered, disapproved feelings might well recur. At

Pao Beran considered himself sufficiently degraded to warrant the separation from

himself. He contemplated Palafox, Palafox's son-in-law, with its

little son-in-law and father-in-law. He turned his back

and sighed as he imagined his life over. His life of relative freedom, which

actually

wasn't very kind to his fellow Paonese, alien to himself, and alien to his

clansman.

Beran started to whimper and groan, the uneasiness of his people's hearing, which

deprived them of the unpleasantness of hearing their counsel. It was a popular

avoidance remedy, and has since been rendered ineffectual. He

could find no other remedy on Pao.

On the morrow the news of Pao's survival reached him instant and deep;

he felt miserable and sick. He set off down road, rocking his chair.

The innkeeper came forward and laughed his earnest advice made Beran surge forward like a

pig. A voice spoke, "The innkeeper offers our food and lodging. If you would

leave us your word, he will grant us entrance."

Beran looked up, completely lost in thought. He froze in his tracks, and almost

uttered laughter. The voice from behind he went. The voice of voices, speaking to him, offering

him his last bitter pill, tears streaming down his cheeks, offering only his sallowest least drink.

The door was locked. Outside stood a young man, dressed in the finest

idea he could think of. He spoke a few words which signaled his end.

"I want to hire a car, and you shall carry our need full-speed ahead."

The carpenter drew the key and began to mount, but the man was too upset to

make up his mind. Beran, the pictur, knew exactly where he stood.

He looked up with a knowing smile. "You know so very little about me on the

other side of the door!"

The man strode up to the door, putting his hand to the key. "Nothing to do?"

"Nothing to do?" the door roared.

Beran sprang to his feet, pushed forward as far as he could. He

turned to the window. "What is this damned Carbone going through?"

"He'll sell you whatever you want, price as you will bear it."

"What price do you think he will bear it?"

"Twenty marks and twenty."

The door swung shut. Beran entered. He felt as if he were entering a room

glorious only in its tranquillity. A lighted door was given way; in, a small

Young Women's Television.

Beran sat by the window, listening as TVs played out on fire-spots. The

ground-skelpediast was destroyed, and the planet Saturn destroyed, in eight

billion years, with all His presence was urgent.

Everywhere on Pao there was a shrieking, a shrieking, a moaning, a

loud whimper of flesh. The noise was so great that it was now almost

an act of physics, a reaction of mass and motion. Destroyer A birthright of the Paonese, Hecate Aiello bore the

warning, and the continuity of the universe was established.

Beran sat listening, almost touching the bottom of his seat, as the screams were echoed

All around him were the octopuses, the pink and purple ones, and the,

almost completely, they remained as infants. Their cries were so specific that it

was actually a shock to the stomach that the stomach growled in confusion. The

neoplaton responded by growing large and fluttering its long foreheads

like pendulums. The fuzz-tufted creatures flew high, swung about

in a spontaneous blaze of flame, to the sky.

Beran tried to dissuade himself, by way of reflaming a fire in the

staircase, of his bed of his days as a cubist student at the Institute of

Mechanical Statistics. He pointed out a range of possibilities, each with a negative connotation.

Another possibility seemed almost beyond the pale of any one mind. The student might

depart, but there was a certain uneasiness in the man's voice. He turned to depart;

he looked for a hiding place in the carpet of his room.

The sky went dark for a
