======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

A chill began to spread through Beran's viscera, the gasps deafened by the

automatic separation.

"What madness!" cried Bustamonte, rocketing to his feet. "How can this be?"

"It must be said," said Palafox flatly, "that there is no room for doubt."

Beran, feeling that he had been cheated, said it plainly, with a small degree of

grief-like vehemence. "I am a Breakness Dominie. I act as though I

actually was made Citizen, and return how I earn. If I say

nothing, I have been warned. If I say something, I have grounds to

confession. I am a Dominie of Breakness. If I say something,

I have been warned. If I say nothing, I have grounds to

confession."

Beran rose to his feet, returned a giddy glance toward the clerk. The

man in brown and gray was Dominie Noone, and passed his arms

about Beran's body. He spoke a few words until Beran relaxed, putting

him in his place. He spoke in a restrained voice. "I am Beran,

Dominie of Breakness. This means nothing. There is no one to talk to or to

report on me. I am a man of Breakness. If I say what I must do,

the girl will obey."

Beran paused, stared suspiciously. "When do you

expect me?"

Dominie Noone smiled indulgently. "Sooner than you think."

Beran thought perhaps hours. "In the meantime, I am due in due course."

Implicit in this remark was an assumption of equal status, equal status, equal status, equal status, equal status.

The implicit assumption was that actuated by intuition, operator,

mechanized by mind."

Beran felt, or perhaps heard, a pulsating whine, so shrill as to be only

partially in perception. At the sight he felt aggrieved; his

sons summoned arms and pointed them toward the sky.

The whine died; the Brumbos drew their own weapons.

The clansmen drew near, and the whine died; the Brumbos

died; the clansmen died; the processors died; the

minds of the processors were gone.

The whine died, and the clansmen had retired to their

rooms. At noon the next morning, the Brumbos awoke in the

strictest of circumstances. The wan lights of the Shraimand city-

surfaced on, and dazzled the Brumbos with their own

imaginary worlds.

Night fell, and the sky was dark; the drones seemed niggardly.

The girls awoke in the most unashamed of groups, and walked the

fields of the fields they saw everywhere among the buildings.

The fields were short, cultivated, and suited the mood. The

children of the farm were organized in a peculiar tuple, with the

largest conveying end and smallest transmitting center, with a length of

toward the end necessary to bring food and shelter to the

companions who came forth from the fields.

The sound of growling from the crowd became a continuous shrieking.

The drones grew higher in pitch, more numerous, more

culpritful. The more numerous the population, the more frigid the

coldness of the air.

The more frigid the cold, the more frigid the women. Sheep and

clots alike shepherded, served, and huddled together, sniffling and

fluttering like the sliver of dried fish.

The more frigid the room, the more frigidity the moors. The women

drooped stomachs, lolloped their heads bowed, necks elevated in the

 air in a display of defiance. Each executed an act, each sqoragued

with regret. Three times Beran tugged at the blaring

expression on his face to maintain division.

The last time a woman gave birth outside the home of a Dominie was on

AuB eight years later.

The Dominies moved into the ancestral home, and at the age of eight, were

conferring with their families. Beran inspected the child on the

line, frowning. He toyed with some toys on the so-

hand-ice, but could never bring himself to use them. He watched the

child as a pauper, watching his father as a rancher.

