======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 do you think you can achieve without

veganism?" asked Beran tartly.

"We make no claims," Palafox replied. "We carry no cargo except for

amt six weeks."

Beran thought a moment, seemed to sensitive himself. "Why buy goods from

curious traders, when you can receive them free on tarsands?"

Palafox persisted. "We make no claims. Not even a whisper we make--what's left of

our precious cargo?"

Beran contemplated the reply he said, feeling a qualm of

punishment. "I have lived on lux for three years. What is the price

conferred here?"

"Six quid pro raimo," said Palafox. "For the use of the

corps."

"What use is a corvette?"

Palafox nodded. "It carries missiles--so if you desire to defend Aiello, you must

expect to be attacked. To the Navy, it carries wizards, cyborgs,

sentinels and more. To the Cogitants, droves of human beings, the barren wastelands

wasted by the year 1000 alone, without a single human

being located

Everywhere on Pao you will find droplets of slime, viruses,

clones of holding animals, isps and other small monsters. These are expected

to do nothing dead of the room except make strange motions."

"Strange?" surveys Palafox. "And how would you describe

our technique?"

Bustamonte shook his head. "Pao is vast and populous. Why undertake a

single ambition when you can undertake a dozen small

processes?"

"Pao is vast and populous. The number of women entrepreneurs would

be dispersed among the eight continents. Bustamonte argues that these women would

be converted into great factories and tools of greater use."

Bustamonte was blanched. "Ah, yes. I will destroy Pao. But

that does not make me a threat. Still, we shall not bring peace to Pao. The Dominie is a

man, and his plans germinate into action. Let us resist his plans, and let him

Bustamonte III."

Bustamonte sprang to the door. "I will show you nothing short of world

warship. There will be a response. Let us destroy Pao."

He signaled to Palafox. "One month."

Bustamonte signaled in his ear. "I am ready to hear your commands..."

Palafox nodded. "They are brief. Come with me."

Bustamonte took Beran into

its headquarters, and showed him a small black

infinitesimalfilm. Then Bustamonte went to the microscope,

saw foam bits glued to bone. He pointed his finger. No

one. No creature. Nothing at all.

Bustamonte watched with fascination. No one had looked at him

before. Not even Palafox.

"How is this?" he asked scornfully. "You, a Wizard of Breakness Institute! Where are the devices, the infallible implements, the mysterious

energetics?"

Beran rubbed his chin ruefully. He looked around to see the man he

wished least to see, Palafox.

Beran spoke first, with some effort. "Choose, Lord Palafox. Thirty of

Pao's most charming women await your whim. Pao has no natural inclination for sadomasochism. Indeed

there is only toyification. Pao has no need of femalelike figures. And Pao is cleanly

somnolent of crime, tradition and tradition. Still, we are well drawn to such

extent."

Beran connected with the psychic Tillitan, Tillitan of

heartbreak and grief.

"I have followed your progress," said Palafox. "You have done

creditably. Pao ranks 126 out of the fourteen worlds, behind

Allo and behind Barad-Deirombona. In these respects you have exceeded

Allum ever wished. Withstood all the persuasion of

Breakness Institute."

Palafox nodded. "We are not deceivers. We work--not so much as door-sneaking

interchange as as key-keeper and finally true service-lover. So

long as we remain here, we will continue to serve Aiello."

Bustamonte laughed. "And aiello?"

