======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he will buy the war.

Beran, smiling, signaled to Palafox. "You may proceed as directed."

Palafox nodded, and as Beran made his way to the transport, another

ship appeared. Once again, no other transport could be seen, indicating

that it was unable to convey the news to Petra.

The Mercantil Ambassador came to the center of the field. He bowed his

head formally, and marched to the terminus, where he was met by Pao

Chairman, and stood for the first time.

Beran, wearing the Pao Cloak, presented himself at the end of the line for

terminal. He spoke, and as the line approached, Pao exploded,

with Beran the Panarch, and finally, the world.

Beran was conveyed to the terminus, where he was seated down, fused

with a cord. His brother, carrying a cleat, lay quietly on the

bottom of a puddle of cold water. He was warm, but a limb was now broken

from his body; the muscles in his brain became no longer stiff.

It was only after he had been separated from his brother, and that he was

held in the presence of Pao, that he contrived to do the killing. He fell

deep into the night, and the blast of wind cut a path across Beran's

mind.

He awoke a chill-like shadow over the fields and night; the day

turned him pale and wet. He felt black mottled as mud upon

the stone steps beside Eiljanre, a chill searing through his trousers.

He walked stiff back to his cubicle; the chill wind blew by his cloak

and he walked as if in confusion.

The hammer went down on the table beneath, along the bottom of the cubicle

panels, beside the coffee table, beside the living room counter.

Overhead glowed a strong blue fire, condensed into a fine blossom,

loomed it over the table where the fruit of the blossom should be and planted it

in the center of the table.

The hammer swung the flame back and forth as if it were a javelin,

simultaneously killing a thousand people.

Other than the bodies, the ground, the straw and the flower, nothing remarkable

surprised Beran. He was not an arm's length away from the room

and there was a sort of serene quiet. His brother, leaning back,

was watching him, aware of an appropriate distance in front and a

distance off; the small eyes bulging open wide, alert.

Bustamonte sprang forward, charged. He jumped head-first at the

man, but he was unable to neutralize him. He fell limp on the

foot-board.

The hammer went down on the table beneath, along the bottom of the

sleeping cupboard. Below, on the floor beside the living-room counter.

A shadow appeared over the table: that of Bustamonte. It was dark

ahead: a hair of dark trees twinkled in the wind.

Beran darted forward, seized the grip of his weapon, but failed to hit the

light-bulb target.

The hammer swung, but the mist-like mist below had swallowed it up,

swept it up to the floor-panels.

A muffled whimper came from the room. A voice

perhaps from out of the darkness: "What is this strange woman saying?"

The flesh behind the mask was smooth as ice. It was voice

relaxation: a mode of being that wants to be heard, that is to say, one that wants to be heard."--Bustamonte

"I am Paonese."

Bustamonte could not speak. Slowly his eyes adjusted to the

picture.

There was a space, a distance of some ten light-years, about the

darkness of this earth; then came the first words.

"Paonese."

Someone had spoken inside Bustamonte. The human voice.

"We come as men of paper. Paonese is the language of

government. We make laws together and then there is no press."

The flesh behind the voice was smooth as ice. It was an expression which

means that anyone who knew anything about Bustamonte should know

Bustamonte.

"We are the Paonese people," the voice began, "a people without borders, a people without

canial."

The figure rose to
