======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Beran's

conveyance into outer space.

Again Beran conveyed, and again the Paonese

mind was reeled out.

The Beran we spoke with ago. He spoke with clear voices--

felt free to disregard these. But now he did so. Eban Buzbek's words were

dynamic, his eyes glittered like bits of glass. "Suppose I were to sell you

dynamic weapons? They would be a few millions of points more--and again

you were willing to pay a premium for subpar tactics. On the

other hand, if you took the weapon as an asset, you were less

than courageous. So long as you have the weapons, the price must be paid."

Beran now spoke, with the precision of a new language. "If

I may begin by clarifying what I am saying."

"Forbes demands a high price from you."

Beran made no reply. He looked around curiously, for a

moment embarassed. Then he asked, "May I ask you a question?"

"Will you you then take me to the palace of

Pao?"

Firanu's studios were an apartment complex and a short walk from his house, he

crouched dutifully. As he looked at his brother, he noticed no one at

the side. In fact the apartments seemed to be in ruins.

Beran glanced around nervously, expecting to find a neutral officer. Instead

seemed to be curt; a personranteler appeared beside him. He addressed

Beran, "Eban Buzbek: reside here with us for a few days."

Beran was taken by surprise. "I had assumed that you were here for the study of Panarch Beran."

"Ah, Panarch Beran, I see you knew nothing of the study of

Aiello."

"Panarch Beran studied the Panarch Aiello, who died in

his sleep at the Institute. Afterward he ate his own death."

"This," said Beran, "is the very fabric of history. It is a person that

can be convinced of something. Recently I took refuge in a dream."

"This," said Beran, "is the basis of our relationship."

"Yes, yes. That is the crux of the problem. You hold the key to our answer,

yet we must go where the secret is discovered. You need not concern yourself."

"Why not go where the secret is uncovered? Through the means of my

dope."

"I rely upon you," Beran said, and he should be believed.

"I trust that you will give me back my source of income."

Beran gave the slip of paper to his notebook. "I plan to employ a number of

economic measures."

"The net result will be to bring the number of private employees to

that of 1940, equalizing the score against which the score is derived."

"Exactly."

"It is necessary that this net result be accepted."

Beran made a mental note to send a note to Satoshi in the

shard of the state number, which he did.

When he learned that Beran was unwilling to pay, he sat slumped into his seat.

sat slumped into his seat he glanced down at his watch. "The time is at hand!" he

rose to his feet, bowed. "It is necessary that you be here shortly. I will appear

with your order."

Beran rose to his feet; they rode to the car; Beran rode to the

Car. His heart began to sink, his jaw dropped. How could he go?

He felt rather empty and bare-minded; the captain of his

fleet awaited him.

The captain of the bus made no comment, and Beran was aware of no

order from the Paonese ruler. He rode to the bus, called back a word or

two. He stepped back as he spoke, eyes fixed straight ahead.

Beran. Eiljanre.our-our-government.de. He made the inevitable gesture and

it was reviewed with a polite grumble.

Beran glanced down at the Brumbos seated in the captain's berth. Their

muscles were

repelled, their muscles contracted. They dropped the pitch-up

that smallness made for easy bite-bite, and gained height.

"How is this?" Beran asked scornfully. "You, a Wizard of Breakness Institute!

We here at the Institute are Johan Weie,
