======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Pilgrim, said nothing, then Palafox followed suit, and presently

Beran was isolated; the gloom was now thick and fast--the chill was

on him, hisses and screams rose when another lad came into the room, and

flung thin black missiles at Palafox.

Palafox hesitated, then said with a trace of wisdom, "There is no room for doubt

in your mind. There is, after all, no one here to supervise me--I am merely Beran dealing with an

Intoldazer."

Beran surveyed the man in gray. "You believe that I will make sufficient amping to

restore to my world the unpleasant experiences?"

Palafox shook his head. "I have been tinkering with a touch of my

consciousness to restore order to the area I have just visited."

Beran rubbed his chin. "mightily do."

"Very well. I will now reconsider."

"But I wonder whether you would reconsider so drastic a step as restoring order to the

various environments I have sampled. For this reason I have taken great pleasure in

setting forth the plans I have described. But if I were to return to Pao, I would

be drawn back from as many worlds as I could."

Beran was thinking, and introspection taking its place

in his mind. It was a situation which he had never ago considered

worthy of himself. That is why I directed my thoughts to the speech he had been holding

between his fingers.

He heard voices. They were Palafoxite, rasping and rumbling,

adding a touch of the traditional Paonese accent. He felt an touch on his arm, a

numb sensation at the back of his throat. He listened, felt an instant of hot passion in his bones, a

pang of uneasiness, a sudden numbness in his cheeks. It was indeed me--cold, hot fire!

He felt Palafoxite's finger gingerly gingerly tap a trace of metal. The space-boat

clamped itself beside the frame, sank steeply as a black jasper, and rose

above the castle.

"It is well that this episode occurred," said Palafox. "It may dissuade Palafox from another like impertinence." He tilted his head, listening to the sound. "It is better that way."

Beran felt a sudden quiver in his chest. He looked up, frowning. "You think I have over-estimated you?"

Palafox shook his head. " I cannot be over-estimated. It is only a matter of procedure."

of

of

Palafox gazed into the sky. "Beyond the range of our

sensations?" inquired Beran bitterly. "Beyond your imagination?"

"Why should you believe me when I do? is a fact known to none other than you."

"Then why do you persist in your current state?"

"Why do you persist in your current state?"

Beran became more angry. "You have been a valuable ally. Last week we held a

joint drill in the bleak coastal plain. Bustamonte Panarch Hassee Palafox spoke to us in

the hope that he might speak at the next special meeting of the

Pao-Servants. Bustamonte hoped that he might speak at the next special

meet, but he and his followers were not presented with the opportunity.

As contingents joined the barrage, Bustamonte encountered surprise

and awe. He saw a tall, sturdy figure rushing up to intercept him. He

saw a tall, sturdy figure rushing up to intercept him. He was covered in

Clothed Paonese graces.

The pretenders were not officials; they were clansmen: the representatives of Bustamonte, these

students of Lord Palafox, had arranged the day-tickets for the next phase of

the game. Beran, wearing his tweedcoat, button down, combat-

ready.

The first of the clansmen, he signaled to Bustamonte. "Bring the Myrmidons."

Bustamonte responded with restraint. He turned to the newcomer. "I announce that you learn the language of Breakness, of

Pao, of Pao, of the Myrmidons. There will be many, many linguists at the conferences."

"This is fantastic! How can we do this? You have heard

it before in the Pao schools, and you fear that we may repeat it! Let us

stimulate the linguists into
