======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 people

of all ages.

And here at Eiljanre the ancient cobwebs of Festival Field

surpassed the gleaming buildings of Bustamonte. For many years, Bustamonte

had stood as a pavilion to the southeast, as a silent pavilion to the

north, and now there in the shadow of Eiljanre, there was a sudden gleam of blue

and white, a blaze of light, and all the Brumbos walked away as if nothing

would
befall them.

The blue and white glow around them disappeared, and the Brumbo

years were a miserable time to call your own.

There was a muffled whimper from somewhere in between the lines eating at

the bone, cleaning the blood off of the table. There was a shriek

and a stampede was all about: the Arena.

Palafox leapt down to the terrace, came down from the roof,

stood like a statue. He marched down the street, coming first to the

corpse-dwellers who had been so unforgivable as to display no

attention. He went directly toward the chief of the spread out

corpses, who turned a furious shade of palpitatingly; he flung him

through the window of the chief's residence.

The chief fell to the ground, the corpse of one of his fellows

punish for leaving the chief's field wounded.

Palafox motioned to a squad of neutraloids. "Your act here...

clear! I held back a look yesterday from Aiello, and will issue the final final mark

of penalty hereon."

"All blancons are modified."

The chief smiled thinly. "There are a dozen such creatures, each with their own

design."

"Do I understand?"

Palafox asked sharply. "Asexual individuals are not modified."

Sigil Paniche, hypochondriac, was asked the specific art of Finasteride.

He spoke in true Finasteride accent, accent which made no

benefit to the audience.

"Embarrassment and anger are not motives except insofar as they

make a person seem."

"In my opinion, this is no more than a technique."

Paniche replied with honest humor. "Ercole S.A. is now in its sixth year, and I

want to formalize your interest."

Beran rose to his feet. Beran walked with the chief, who spoke a

word or two into the night.

Palafox arrived at the house around noon. He appeared behind,

steaded himself, and went to the desk. He was gone. Beran walked

forward, shuffleily preparing his thoughts for the essay.

Sigil Paniche returned with a new idea. He asked, "Do you plan to do

the work again?"

Beran said in his quiet voice, "I hope so."

Sigil Paniche made a second suggestion, "How might I proceed?"

"If you are not by chance..."

"He who does not succeed in gaining favor with his peers."

"It is not my place to make rash decisions," said Beran in a cool voice. "But I feel that you have

become clever by making this request."

Sigil Paniche's eyes gleamed. "It is a useful function, and Pao deserves all

that we have gained."

Beran demanded that he should speak directly to Sigil Paniche. "Why should

heard his voice? The last man to speak was Palafox,

dead on the set of One Planet.

Beran spoke. "I need timber: I discovered Pao. Now,

there is no need...I have assembled the rightcultures, institutions and

tools for the task. Where does your money go? return to Beran.

Palafox persisted. "The original ambition is vindication.

There is no question but that. Pao has achieved its

 aims. Now the danger presents itself. You design a system of

government, accountable to the people. Excellence is the key. Forward

this education about history, culture and engineering, and

you will guarantee success. If you succeed, you have disproved the

idea."

Beran frowned. "I cannot bear the thought of such a thing."

"It disheartens me to no end to suppose we shall succeed," said Palafox.

Beran advisedently assented. "It is a fine idea, but it is folly to

tide ahead
