======== SAMPLE 1 ========
"In theory. But they

force you to obey orders not considered in your own capabilities."

"All wars be won," said Beran. "And Carthage..."

"All types," said Palafox. "All the same, the

look of unyielding enthusiasm on Beran's face is synonymous."

"Yes, yes," sighed Beran. "I see that you are right, but I must think."

"Think also on a second matter," Palafox suggested. "Pao is vast and populous. There is scope not merely for an effective army, but also a vast

industrial complex might be established. Why buy goods from Mercantil

when you can produce them yourself?"

precarious. I had hoped...

Palafox interrupted incisively. "Words are tools. Language is a pattern,

and defines the way the word-tools are used."

Bustamonte was eyeing Palafox sidelong. "How can this theory be

applied practically? Do you have a definite detailed plan?"

Palafox inspected Bustamonte with scornful amusement. "For an affair

of such magnitude? You expect miracles even a Breakness Wizard cannot

perform. Perhaps you had best continue with the tribute to Eban Buzbek of

Batmarsh."

Bustamonte was silent.

"I command basic principles," said Palafox presently. "I apply these abstractions to practical situations. This is the skeleton of the operation,

which finally is fleshed over with detail."

Bustamonte still remained silent.

"One point I will make," said Palafox, "that such an operation can only be effectuated by a ruler of great power, one who will not be swayed by

maudlin sentiment."

"I have that power," said Bustamonte. "I am as ruthless as circumstances require."

"This is what must be done. One of the Paonese continents--or any

appropriate area--will be designated. The people of this area will be

persuaded to the use of a new language. That is the extent of the effort.

Presently they will produce warriors in profusion."

Bustamonte frowned skeptically. "Why not undertake a program of

education and training in arms? To change the language is going far afield."

You have not grasped the essential point," said Palafox. "Paonese is a passive, dispassionate language. It presents the world in two dimensions,

without tension or contrast. A people speaking Paonese, theoretically,

ought to be docile, passive, without strong personality development--in

fact, exactly as the Paonese people are. The new language will be based on

vowels. A number of key ideas will be synonymous; such as pleasure and

overcoming a resistance--relaxation and shame-out-wordless and rival.

Even the clans of Batmarsh will seem mild compared to the future Paonese

military."

"Yes, yes," breathed Bustamonte. "I begin to understand."

"Another area might be set aside for the inculcation of another

language," said Palafox offhandedly. "In this instance, the grammar will be extravagantly complicated but altogether consistent and logical. The

vocables would be discrete but joined and fitted by elaborate rules of

accordance. What is the result? When a group of people, impregnated with

these stimuli, are presented with supplies and facilities, industrial

development is inevitable.

"And should you plan to seek ex-planetary markets, a corps of salesmen

and traders might be advisable. Theirs would be a symmetrical language

with emphatic number-parsing, elaborate honorifics to teach hypocrisy, a

vocabulary rich in homophones to facilitate ambiguity, a syntax of

reflection, reinforcement and alternation to emphasize the analogous

interchange of human affairs.

"All these languages will make use of semantic assistance. To the

military segment, a 'successful man' will be synonymous with 'winner of a

fierce contest.' To the industrialists, it will mean èfficient fabricator.' To the traders, it equates with 'a person irresistibly persuasive.' Such influences will pervade each of the languages. Naturally they will not act with equal

force upon each individual, but the mass action must be decisive."

"Marvelous!" cried Bustamonte, completely won over. "This is human engineering indeed!"

Palafox went to the window and looked across Wind River. He was
