======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his, a lot of me has been touched by his presence. On a Saturday night he is seen playing with an old friend, a young gentleman named Nilese."

"Why, yes. He plays a game I understand," the man said. "He has had so many occasions to work and such a strong will." He bowed solemnly, bowed once before the door, bowed again this morning.

"Why, I think he is a friend," said the young friend. "I heard a certain boy, who spoke to him from Pudao." His eyes went wide. "Now what is the reason?"

"Why, what is the reason, your friend?"

The old friend said nothing.

"This is the truth," said Nilese. "I thought you were mistaken. He is a friend and is working to his own ends."

"He is, you see," said the young friend in a mild tone.

"I see," said Oraus, "we are here to show this person, that they are worthy of protection, and that their interests have a clear interest. We know this, that Pudao itself provides protection for his friend to meet with anyone that he seeks. As such, every man who wishes to protect him must do so. If there is no such person, he is in danger."

An old, handsome man was walking toward us, his black beard drape over his shoulders. His eyes were wide and wide, and he seemed in his element. His face was rather dark.

"Will you bear with me here, your friend?" asked Oraus.

The man looked at us with a smile.

"Do you bear me with you, the stranger who is so dear to your heart?"

"I bear you with me." His voice was low, grave, and distant.

The old merchant laughed bitterly. "I knew you so well. I took you in from Pudao, you were a dear friend, and you will be a fine companion." He pointed the man by his beard.

"No, you must not bear me. The stranger carries us with him from Pudao. If he knows where we are, he will kill us all. If he does not know where we are, he will kill us all. How is that possible?"

"I have no knowledge that anyone might learn a useful skill by learning from me."

"I do not know much, and there are many facts which I know only through the use of your methods." The old merchant smiled in spite of himself, and then pointed to the man of the business.

"I knew him so well," said the merchant, "that his knowledge is not merely theoretical, but is indispensable to my existence. Why should you kill him, you ask?"

"Nothing I know as far as your methods can be told is true," said the old merchant in a grave tone. "I have no idea what I shall find. I am, therefore, prepared to kill him."

"I want to kill him--to kill you."

He looked me over. "You may kill me. If there is anything I wish to know..."

I turned to the man in black, looked at him. A look of horror flashed past my eyes, but the man looked away slowly, looking at me like a hawk. I could scarcely make out what had looked upon him.

"Why, I wish to kill you. You will die, you will be the only living thing in my mind. Why did I do this?"

"I have no direct answer," said the old merchant. "But I can give you some idea. As you know, every act can bring death."

"In the future," asked the old merchant a few minutes ago, "what does the future hold?"

"As you know," said the old merchant: "we are as long as the universe existed." With that, his voice was high and strong—even over a vast sea.

"Then there will be none more trouble!" exclaimed Oraus with a smile. "I will keep my mouth shut--I will not speak your lips."

A great sigh came from the man. "I will carry you away, you will be the last one to see me."

In the distance, a blue mist of color floated down gently. The clouds, which slowly receded, dispersed as they disappeared, the clouds drifting down, down.

We stood at the edge of the island above the lake. Each side of the boat was painted black.

The wind blew from the wind-swept sea, and all the wind blew in, the sail rose over the island toward us.

We floated away like a mist.

But the air was blue and wind-whipped.

We flew away
