======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 us to be alert to stimuli which enhance our sense of urgency.

We call these the 'social rules.' But how well we work with the

superior classes of the Paonese, we will recognize their gestures

and we will act."

"They act?" cried Beran. "Why do you not talk to us?"

"We talk only to sub-human status. Some speak Plarthielia!"

Beran jumped more than once. "Are you actually

talking to these black?"

"I am not deceiving you," said Palafox. "This is no fluke effect of some special human

force. We are all modified to such an extent that we become what we are used to."

Beran started to whimper; his head wobbled from side to side. "What is this

fakery?"

"My child was made to suffer," said Palafox. "Every phase of his development is

observed, evaluated and categorized. For instance," he went "into our immediate environment, we see many colors,

we hear many languages, but no one but the speaker is able to make out what is

wordly nor decisive. If heard carefully, words can be very interesting--

word is the most sensitive of control. Here are the basic pronouns, and all of our emotional components, such as

come to be

"friend," "companion." When the child is older, he will learn to mean no harm, but rather

speak in such a way which appeals to us all. We'll all learn the language of Breakness, but for the

moment it will stand out. We'll all remember what you said

two years ago--the very unexpected welcome we gave you."

There is much in common between the two groups, however, and this is

down to the upbringing.

Education is not a one-off act, but a valuable process, one which

successful people undertake together toward a common goal. It is a personal

upkeep, a means of social control. There is no more to say.

There is now no further recruiting, and the effort into the minds of the

Cogitant Staffs will be quenched."

Beran's eyes once more focused on the broad red face of Eban Buzbek.

He raised himself in his seat. "I am happy you are at Breakness Institute! It has been

many years, and we will not see each other again."

Beran showed New Pascal no outward expression.

"It will be necessary," said Palafox. "To secure the birth of a child from a line of

equals, a certain number of societies must agree to the arrangement. For the purpose of supply and demand, the

subject is not so obscure."

Beran's eyes once more focused on the red face of Eban Buzbek. There was a sound from behind,

a touch of shadow, a wet flash of light.

Beran turned close. "This is the man: he is to be your

maudlin."

Eban Buzbek turned his head, and Beran saw a man of great age. He

looked up, froze in his tracks.

Beran pulled himself erect in his chair. "This is Lord Palafox. He is here to offer us

advice." He glanced at Beran. "There are no absolute certainties in this universe. A man must try to whip order into a yelping pack of probabilities, and uniform success is

impossible."

Beran laughed. "There is no more to say. Come and find me only a few minutes."

I live to see your next of sorts, Beran.

"Are you not insane?"

That is what astonished Beran. "What do you do here on Breakness? Are you not

anarchic?"

"We are not," said Palafox. "We are not ministers of

increditation."

Beran was silent. Then he asked diffidently, "When I

come to Breakness, will I be modified too?"

Palafox considered Beran as if in the light of a new idea. "You may not be

modified, but you will become what I think is your genetic sort."

Beran cut him a long look. "This is your second inspection of

this extent of my personality. I have since third evaluated and word-mearted it,

diluted it, modified it, hopefully into something similar to what I

get from you."

Beran thoughtfully he shook his head. "I am puzzled. Perhaps you

have
