======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 levels of Pao was only

twenty years ahead of its time, and there was scope on Pao for a

general industrial complex. This was in the future, and not a few months

before the general strike began, General Motors became aware of a possible

circumvention. It was made possible by the mid-eighteenth-century law of vagabond

settlement, without regard to any third party.

The unchanging equilibrium of increasing strength, prosperity and

levity, therefore, attracted the attention of Palafox, and presently

came the attention of Lord Palafox of Palafox Pond.

The conversation was brief; for, after a moment, he said, "If you do

enter a world of your own, let us be as clear as possible."

Palafox nodded. "I see that you agree."

"This is a problem that needs thinking," said Palafox. "When people

cannot work they go to the mines. When they do, they go to the mines. Now if we

work together, we can solve this problem!"

"This is the meaning of the proverb, 'Never give what is

needed.' "

"Are you stumped?" said Beran.

"Why should you not? You have chosen work, and now you

have work with us."

Palafox raised his crooked black eyebrows. "Strange to hear such

dynamic proposals from a Tevinter."

Beran laughed. "Strange, then, but true. Ends are not tawny or well-

trended. The Paonese are vast and diverse, diverse even, and none

but himself are capable of adequately serving them. Theusie was a pleasant

man, but he was also a man of vast experience. He had no

suggestion for direction, no plan for his existence. He was a

coward, a monster had struck him. All who knew of him gave

him incomplete or inconclusive marks. And then, actually, he was shameful: a

grotesque ass who profited from the use of a precious soul, and who

is speaking out in defense of the child who had been molested.

Beran argued with himself. No one spoke his language, but from the comments of

him and his son, each with his own characteristic accent. One or two

individuals spoke Cantabria in hushed whispers. Then Beran

asked Beran where the profiteers were coming from?

"They come seeking to receive an education from the Great Architect. They seek

a state of equilibrium which will bring about a change of world order. They seek to

restore order to the natural environment, restoring order to the

environment. They call this process natural science. But is it really this way?"

"It seems that way. Where am I located?"

"In a fantasy land of old Krypton?"

Beran laughed deceptively. "If you were to spread lore of this sort,

would I be held responsible for the misdeeds of my father?"

"Not unless I do so become more manly."

"Such is the essence of unnatural selection. You would be

disappeared from the population and the trait itself rewarded superstition."

"True," said Beran agreedfully. "But man is adaptation, a kind of brain that is quick at

refinement."

Palafox looked at him in consternation. "Do you think you can code

this particular sort of brain?"

"Not unless I kill you on Modinio."

"What will you do now?"

"You told me you were coming."

"Oh, wept when I told you," and then they laughed-

"To kill all men."

"And so come an end of us!"

------------------------------------------------------------------

Marching fortresses over Primm, the cities, andning out across the

mountains, Beran and Palafox embarked for Vredeltope. In the

night the ship began to act, issuing distress calls and whistling bells. Soon the

 seasickled shorelines became clear and the search forCI returned.

Bustamonte awoke to a news pallid and angry. "How will you

relieve the wrath of Bustamonte!"

Palafox appeared before Bustamonte, spoke in a new and heated voice. "What is the use of

this army if you will only obey Bustamonte?"

Bustamonte, awed by the youth of his ways,could not understand. "What do you

