======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the Mercantil was no more than handful of dominies; they

must flee to a new continent. There are no plans to neutralize the Mercantil."

Bustamonte frowned. "We are not neutralizing the Mercantil. We control

vypses and crags of the Palafox continent. If an Lances of his beloved

Beran came to Breakness, the two countries would be synonymous.

But even here the differences would be amicably resolved. In the second instance the

merchant would pay, the Mamarone would receive. The relationship remained platonic, the taxes were not so

furtive, and generally the Paonese enjoyed a system of personal responsibility which

reached such an intensity of life which, for the

well-to-doard pursues his dream, others will pursue it

expressed, but without the unnecessary tension of conflicting interests.

In other respects Bustamonte had proved himself a capable ruler. Prices

were stable, the civil service was reasonably efficient. His personal scale of living was splendid enough to gratify the Paonese love of pomp, but not so

extravagantly magnificent as to bankrupt the treasury. Only on Shraimand

and Vidamand was there real dissatisfaction--and here of course

dissatisfaction was a mild word for the sullen rancor, the pain and grief.

Of the infant societies which in due course would expand across the

vacated lands, little was known and Beran found it hard to distinguish

between speculation and fact.

A person born to the Paonese tradition inherited insensitivity toward

human suffering--not so much callousness as an intuition of fate. Pao was a

world of vast numbers and cataclysm automatically affected great masses

of people. A Paonese hence might be touched by the plight of a bird with a

language, achieved a creditable record as apprentice linguist, and likewise

sustained something of his previous program. In effect Beran lived two

distinct existences, each insulated from the other. His old life, as student at Breakness Institute; offered no problem, since no one spent an iota of

attention on any but his own problems.

As an apprentice linguist, the situation was more difficult. His fellow

students were Paonese, gregarious and inquisitive, and Beran won a

reputation for eccentricity, for he had neither time nor inclination to join

the spare time recreations.

In a jocular moment the students contrived a bastard mish-mash of a

language, assembled from scraps of Paonese, Cogitant, Valiant,

Technicant, Mercantil and Batch, with a syncretic syntax and

heterogeneous vocabulary. This patchwork tongue was known as Pastiche.

The students vied in fluency and used it to the disapproval of the

instructors, who felt that the effort might better be spent in their studies.

The students, referring to the Valiants, the Technicants and the Cogitants,

argued that in all logic and consistency the Interpreters should likewise

speak a characteristic tongue--so why not Pastiche?

The instructors agreed in principle, but objected to Pastiche as a

formless melange, a hodge-podge without style or dignity. The students

were unconcerned, but nevertheless made amused attempts to contrive style

and dignity for their creation.

Beran mastered Pastiche with the others, but took no part in its

formulation. With other demands on his attention, he had small energy for

linguistic recreations. And ever as the time of return to Pao drew near,

Beran's nerves tautened.

One month remained, then a week, and the linquists spoke of nothing

but Pao. Beran remained apart from the others, pale and anxious, gnawing

his lips.

He met Finisterle in one of the dark corridors, and stopped short. Would

Palafox strode into the room, looking neither right nor left. Beran

crouched helplessly in his seat, a rabbit hoping to evade the notice of an

eagle.

Palafox bowed formally to the class, making a casual survey of faces.

Beran sat with head ducked behind the youth ahead; Palafox's eyes did not

linger in his direction.

"I have followed your progress," said Palafox. "You have done

creditably. Your presence
