======== SAMPLE 1 ========
rum.

Bustamonte shivered. Why not undertake a scheme of your own? Perhaps you

have already reached my levels of control. You may be more specific,

mightier mightier. I have instructed Bustamonte's units throughout the

forty-kilometer area."

Beran stammered. "What will I learn at the Institute?"

Finisterle looked up as Beran attempted to reason with Palafox.

"I plan to become a

Ministry of Mathematics. Three levels I want to be in order."

Palafox stared hard at him. "You act here on the basis of

your mental abilities. What do you do here for the

best arrangement?"

The director nodded slowly. "I perform basic calculations on

the result of words are derived from spoken words. I also understand

the

designity of words."

Bustamonte's eyes glittered. "What difference does it make?"

"To understand why I should bother who I talk to Eban Buzbek,

what means in this letter."

"I can answer any of your questions!"

Bustamonte stood looking at him, then stopped himself. "Your

expenses are increasing--we will begin the preparation for war."

Palafox considered Beran as if in the light of a new idea. "You

have been preparing for three years. How long before they destroy us, and you and

Beran get over your wish?"

Palafox laughed. "If we succeed, you succeed only to some extent. And if you succeed to

some extent you increase the status of the girl, her brother, and you increase the

profit of business."

Bustamonte grimaced. "I want only to work hard enough to earn your trust, and then we will be

both good and bad men."

"Just so. I will start by rewarding your efforts--for I am impressed by your fortitude.

You have discovered," said Palafox, "that even the most advanced systems are susceptible of

falling behind."

Bustamonte was silent. Never had Beran seen so polite and obstinate a

man.

"One day," said Palafox, "I came to Breakness expecting to hear from Bustamonte. I

was surprised to learn that we did not speak in surprise. Our conversations were

of equal scope and detail, and, for the most part, we discussed matters of

economy and business. For instance: how old are you, and where are your bills

and bills of settlement?"

"Twenty-five."

"Twenty-five is a very high price to pay for a successful career.

"I will pay it."

Bustamonte made no response, and seemed rather disinclined to change.

On another occasion he said, "If I may speak openly I will criticize you. The

environment is your policy, and we shall not join."

Palafox thoughtfully fingered the black mark of his tongue. "Strange to hear that

you come here as an

exposed satin."

Bustamonte's eyes glittered. "Offer me poison!"

He continued, in a harsh voice. "I want to becomearger. I want to

become more beautiful. I want to become taller. When I am older, you will become even more magnificent. Come

to Breakness!"

Bustamonte fell forward in the seat, a dozen warriors in arms. Back

of the man, toward the door, a murmur died away.

Palafox closed his eyes, breathed hard. The man was crying

Panarch. There was a sound, a faint chorus of yells, a wild cry, a

crowd of menque

And Palafox came out of the door. "Paonese!"

Bustamonte picked up the man noiselessly, ran to the window,

and stood shaking.

The voice of Bustamonte returned. "I come at a young age to change the world. I

come at a younger age. I am changed. I am Bustamonte,

Panarch of Pao."

"Ah, Panarch," croaked Bustamonte, "what of me when Bustamonte departs?"

"In three years I will no longer be Panarch, young Panarch. You shall never serve me again.

Bustamonte is going to Batmarsh."

"What is the purpose of me here?"

"Why should Bustamonte come here
