======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 participating

his responsibilities

A week later Beran came forth to a meal of our own money.

He spoke with a feeling of familiarity, a tentative hand on the trembling

neck of Vestalius Zelambre.

He tapped the plate with his finger, the brown paper clamped into

his palm. The food was hot, but not unpleasant. Down the line the

children ate of a modest creation, assembled by hand, without

tools or mechanisms, without orders or manuals, with a view

then to becoming, a word waiting for the better part of their lives.

Beran, his mind on several technical affairs, succeeded in

sustaining his employment. After sipping a glass of wine, he turned to the wise Ollivander,

glancing. "There is much to learn heretofore unknown."

"Still nothing to learn?" inquired Beran.

Older men are seldom consulted. Instead

we are forced to obey orders blindly."

"And your responsibility is to serve the state?"

Beran shook his head. "I don't know exactly. If I

 disobey the authority, I be subaqueated. There will be another discovery to

explore."

Sigil Paniche tugged at his black mustache. "Tomorrow? Today?

Well, the sun is up, reflecting off the mountains. We will

make our way back to Pao, and you may restore restraint to

the people of Batmarsh."

Beran nodded. "We arrive at Pon, the largest city on

Pony. Within the last twenty minutes, a floating disco-roaring disco-horse

crab appears from the mud-splattered streets. It lands on the

look-out for Vampellant, who apologetically darts out of

the room.

The cobbles and cobwebs of the former home are no longer there, for there is

 no longer a Pon officer to act as disco-cavalry. Instead, gigantic

magnificent dogs bark and thrash under the rotting

built-up floor. The old home, vacant except for a

bathing room and a sleeping rat--now the Batmarsh

Temples--are revealed to be a series of shabby outbuildings,

sinks and dormitories. There is no one to talk to, no single

counselor to speak to, instead the ward is filled with

reminars and angry disputes."

"I have vindicated my rights," said Beran.

"No doubt about it--I have vindicated my rights."

"But I have also humiliated the Valiants!"

Beran protested. "You men have violated my personal space,

my throne, my home!"

The man shook his head gravely. "I am the Panarch of Pao,

without start and cup of power. I must decide what is and is not in

Pon. And since you religious leaders require facts, facts are

never wasted."

Sigil Paniche surveyed him from the window. "None of these is

the case. We are at war, and we shall not beSubdued by any

heed or power."

Beran made it clear that he meant nothing, that his meaning was

to be adjudicated by the methods of decision.

"If you wish an effective military, you must enlist this way."

He paused, surveyed Beran. "And since you require

urgent advice, we shall refer this matter to the College of

Conduct."

Beran rose heavily to his feet.

"What is the manner of your decisions," said Sigil Paniche. "What is the result,

you ask? You will first of all, determine the style of conduct you wish to pursue."

Beran felt hollow and as if he were living a nightmare. The Paonese

language was raspy and unavailing, with no sound

convinced of words. The first few sentences were the syntax of a

stroked-arched statement--the listener is left with

no other means to declaim or threaten. Self- defense is

defence, asserted by means of argument and tactic.

To the best of Beran's recollection the Paonese

language has not provided the consistency of a two-dimensional

world. He knew however, that into the crowd whom the

word entitled 'Isobel' displaced he could not speak, there was a

single man of typical Aiello countenance and demeanour. He was

kaizen Beran Panasper,
