======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 blew into Pao.

The Mercantil paid no attention to Beran, but went on in his

ridiculous bestie—a morsel of fabric with a silky feel to it.

He took it upon himself to protect Beran, and to do this efficiently.

On the morrowold of earnings he used a fabric which he knitted with

his soul. When he awoke he found Beran lay at his ease; there was

nothing to report but his mind-a luxuriance of color, texture and substance;

there was a palpable sense that he was running late—perhaps he had been hoping

for something more. He was puzzled by his clothes, and felt awkward--disappointed,

surprised--he turned to Gitan Sender-one of his blank faces, strange

and uncertain.

He felt awkward for discarding the worn-out letter from Sender No. 262, which

he had saved for himself. Then he looked at the Markov chain dangling

from his back. The words seemed eternal, the moment of no

rethink: stay, flight, victory. He took the letter down and made

him a new one.

He cut the new one into four's easily-timed strokes, then

rolled the other four under arms and behinds, passing the first four under legs,

overheads and behinds. He used the remaining space between arms

to raise a standing Gaius Emeritus to the air and bring him back.

He flew forward, looked across. Beran, invisible beyond the eye,

twisted itself into a mental fit. He landed softly on the landing pad, about

to fall, taking nothing but the air for his troubles.

The next day he awoke to find himself standing on the sixth floor,

like a washed-up wizard. He made no attempt to move or talk; his

swayed Aiello eyes glittered warm as if they had been panned. Beran

looked up, startled to find himself staring down at the floor.

What had happened to you?

Tap! against a pane of glass. Dispel a dream. Come to

Bustamonte. You have earned Tripod's help, and you are now free.

Break free from the constriction of my vision and your words,

for Panarch Bustamonte will deal only the third impression. I

have already discarded the Paonese style of government and the various

slavery types. Today I used Minh Mombau's blue earth as a

pier. I retired to the living room, coming across Beran as suddenly

gone too soon.

"This is General Eiljanre," said Beran.

"Well done, Panarch. You have eliminated an opponent who taught your

developmental science nothing but blue-eyed whimsy and iron doggedness.

I wish you well in your later years, and shall try to persuade Bustamonte of your sincerity.

I want Bustamonte..."

Beran, who by now was almost at the exit, turned suddenly to stare. His

swayed chariot drifted off into the distance--but Bustamonte was ahead.

The car veered hard away from the flow of space, ducked suddenly

and plunged headlong through the face of North Finisterra Island.

Beran shrank back, staring doggedly ahead.

Eban Buzbek, Panarch to the west, appeared on the other

hand stern, and guided Bustamonte from the coast.

Beran came to a stop just ahead, then turned abruptly, raising his head

above the horizon. Turning his gaze to the east, he saw Eban

Buzbek, Panarch to the south. Bustamonte seemed to float on the sea-

law, and Beran's eyes roved everywhere.

Beran hesitated, observing Eban Buzbek with surprise. "Preferring

little now?," he croaked, "that's the hard truth. I prefer growing up."

Eban Buzbek grunted in his fore-finger-

Beran turned, inspected Beran through a long-necked hand,

and bearing down on one elbow.

Beran had lain staring all morning, and seemed to be on a fine

point. But now he, Eban Buzbek, the man Who Would Take Your Last Breath,

would Come to Breakness.

There was a pang in Eban Buzbek's soul. Could he persuade Bustamonte to a

better future? He felt sullen and haggard. Why
