======== SAMPLE 1 ========
if it were otherwise. Therefore I depart as quickly as I can."

She returned to the palace.

Bustamonte's conduct had not been sardonic. In the hours and days that followed, they bored Beran,

contingency and novelty kept him out of hand of a man who profited handsomely.

Ineffectual and disruptive struck a cordial equilibrium. Two

decades passed; Beran was not short of himself. He rose from the bunk, and galloped along the

invisible hull.

The new dominie, elevated to a elevated post, took charge. The

house and building created showed excerpts of Clergy and Non-Clerics,

with alternate littoral and industrial environments. The new populations were

warsed and bewildered; he were not dazzled. At Clergy all, he spoke in a language

that understood his style of speech, but which still had much in common

with the Paonese drivel.

"Suppose I were to make you a true man man, with a language

of his own. What would you say to this?"

"We who made you into men make no pretensions. Language is

the basis of manliness. No one can do so harm. Language is a shield from

evil, a door which lets in light and cautious energy. And the

device by way of the shield goes wrong, the missile goes off, the missile goes down.

Then came the warning and the missile went off. And so it goes, with or without the

warning. And so begins the threat."

Beran took the opportunity to speak in Pastiche, adding with a

grudging acknowledgement that there might be confusion.

"We are in danger," he said, "if we stray too far from the truth. We will

return to Breakness."

Palafox's face was strained. "If you return to what you

ordered, we will nothing to do but flee. Now if by chance you were to

order such a thing, what guarantee would you have that we would

not disobey?"

"Oh, no. We can prevent this sort of thing, by ensuring that no one fails

to give us food, clothing, shelter."

"And shelter from predators?" Beran asked in a hushed husky voice.

Palafox nodded. "A snake with a haunch. a hemisphere, a

thousand continents. Where were the green and red women

of Pao fifty million years ago?"

"No. He is too small for human use. He is

obsession with the fomenter mutt. To the State he signs, to Mercantil,

Groupon and more, he wants nothing to do but staring."

Beran frowned. "We Paonese are not careless in anyone. The

corps marched in and killed the group, but I fear he had better hope

that his deeds did not dismay the warriors of Breakness."

Beran made no appeals, but the men of the clinic worked night and day to kill

each other, usually in defiance of the staff.

One morning, while testing the new drugs, he whoowed a barrage of

de-energized saliva at the pit of his pudlin.

The staff came up with no use for the weapon; however, it was useless against

smaller enemies. Palafox thought it best to stand far away, to evade

the fire.

He felt a touch on his arm. "Come with me." He walked into the room, and,

two men already crouched and bent over the battle-chest. They

entrances, at a distance of ten hours and twenty-five minutes. The

ground shook, the cobbles were broken: there was no visible movement.

steps, screams, whips and water-wheels. The room felt like a balloon,

watering in one direction and quenching in the other.

there was no one to meet them, a fact which only Beran would have

known.

"Where is the source of the fire?" he asked.

"Within the clinic." The men were quartered in hall after hall, all

concealing the view of the lake. Once or twice in the past, the doctors might

request that a change of pace be taken, but the public broadcaster would

decide between him and the cause of the interruption.

Each came forward to pat his chest, then came forward again.

The fire wasgandone, preparing for landing. Each carried a

small tool, each warrior
