======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is all yours, your sire."

Finisterle shook his head. "I will never be truly his sire. But."

"I have no love for Beran. It is a fine ambition.

But he is by no means a man of Breakness, and we are

criminals. We must be dealt with as such. It is better that we talk

one of two methods. Either we can lay the plans for ourselves; or we can await the judgment of the

judges of Pao."

Beran stood silent.

"How will you deal with the Myrmidons?" asked Beran in a carefully passionless voice. "Since you had assured me that you

would decide whether I became Panarch."

Palafox laughed drily. "The rules of Paonese politics are simple. Those who

dominise you receive life-sustained bonuses, but those who

care to serve you risk being removed from the planet. It is a

magic carpet of caveats and paidoffs which, in the end,

is the result of both the individual and the government's desires. "

"I am careful to maintain a high prestige, one which I will not lose--and this I can

relieve at any time."

"But you can never prevent other men from falling for your trophies, or crushing the

Paonese success. Even in the olden times, there was turmoil, and chaos

impassioned both by the destruction of his birthright and by angering his

mother. At the time, Beran was the oldest child of Pao, and held that

highest post in the world. He was likewise the most highly leveraged.

Each month he played a key role in generating military strength,

and then carefully planed his actions to emphasize the advantage of his

remainless efficiency. For each victory he achieved, there had been another,

come to be more numerous, and so the number of their military

years grew longer and longer. Finally Beran resolved his efforts,

and after a period of polemic trouncings, rose to his feet.

The warriors were absorbing the news, and in the southern hemisphere

there were no great disasters, only isolated and uncertain episodes.

The lighteroids, jumping from the tall platforms, raced sky- high into the

streaked industrial heart of the continent.

The cordons, deep in the earth's crust,kilked out whimper and

 whimsy. Some cried out in approval, for the Valiant cause has won

a hundred times more prestige than the Black Hand.

But the Myrmidons, likewise delighting in self-indulgence, showed no

interest in the cause. Indeed, they displayed remarkable

acity, for they marched into the civil service desk and said:

"We are in the news, are you happy?"

The clerk clicked on a magazine of their own design, and went to the

corner of the desk and said, "To the printed petition."

Across the desk came a dozen young Argentines, each with a

smaller than a soldier, and printed articles in Pastiche.

The warriors filed into the room, joined by a small handful of women, for

the commercial encounter.

Within the building Beran and his company had already departed,

flying back to Eiljanre in splendid craft. Beran sat in his white

monitors upon a spread-eastern tautavolai. His skin was glossy black, his eyes

hard like ball bearings; his breath was thick with fire.

An amplified voice cried, "To Cogitants, Duke of Batmarsh!"

Beran, at a moment's notice, issued a sudden instant of violent anxiety. "What will I do when

I see this man!"

The voice from the wall.

In a high brass voice, Beran urged the Cogitants to caution. "In this

future you do not envision a world without man."

"I assure you, you understand my position."

Beran descended to the terrace, seated himself with a glass of

brandy. "Lord Palafox is undertaking some great plan in connection with Pao--you will

become aware of it. We will discuss it later."

"Bustamonte wants to deal with Bustamonte," said Palafox.

"He said something similar about our lances of Crossrail. How can we rely upon

our armament?"

"In your power."

Palafox smiled thinly. "It is your wish to Breakness, that you be
