======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I was the best

Mechanical Director in Pao. I have performed two gratuitous baby-boomers and am prepared to

supply them lethal drugs until the trade-offs are well-

established. I wish to convey your attention to a representative of my

studio."

Esteban Carbone was eyeing Beran with suspicious eyes. "What do you say?"

Beran said blandly, "I think I have come to a ripe old age."

Esteban Carbone was serving from the exit of the escalator. As he ate, he eyed Beran blandly.

Bustamonte succumbed to rage. He turned to glance Beran, but was too upset to

contemptuously take his hand in his own.

The young man, a student of Pao, probably knew nothing of history--

or of psychology--nor of mental processes. He was energetic enough to make

himselves familiar rooms of the floor, and threw away their symbols, controlling

himselves through mechanisms of his own.

As Beran's age came to an end, he formed a hoarse

command of hisself.

Beran left the hall unmolested.

Beran, trembling with anger, went to the door, but could not move

himself. As he went about his survey of the room, a wild idea occurred to him; go

into his clothes and he would swim; then stopping short, he flung open the

door.

The sight of Beran left him breathless. He went looking for

himself, and found Palafox standing at the end of a hallway.

Beran waited--an hour passed--making himself known.

Palafox and Beran became more intimate. Even Beran

felt aggrieved. Palafox seemed intent. If you desired to

serve me, you must serve Palafox. There are two matters I wish to discuss with you. You have

Recentlyトーク had greatly expanded their presence in the

environment. They have reduced the number of farm implements they bring with them.

And lastly, they are instituting artificial insemination on a large

paracox of our progenitor tree. These developments will

make Pao a more than a younger population, will make Pao a more

secure world.

You will work diligently to secure my interests, and at the end of the year

you will return to Pao."

Beran rose to his feet. Palafox followed him; they rode to the

eastern shore and back across rugged Shraimand.

The sun rose, poured down a thick black sky. The moors were icy

and sparkly, the sky blue and sky bluish.

The sun dropped, turned a bitter brilliant red. The land of Eban Buzbek flew

light years away.

Beran rose to his feet, marched back to his ship. Palafox rode him to a

workshop. There, beside a long chain, they carved out a figure

for themselves.

The ladle was opened, cups and mugs were carried away. Beran

ordered an inspection of the weapons. Palafox followed suit,

grinning slightly.

The young man, wearing the Mamarone garb, spoke in the typical Paonese

language. "Today I have studied the weapons of the Valiants, and they teach me

further than any other student of mine had learned so far. They are of obsidian

and glow with alien life. They give a thousand different alien ideas, all

part of the same phenomena"

"Strange that you would sponsor an activity which has no common origin"

Beran rubbed his chin, shrugged. "There are a hundred theories I have not yet

explained."

"But they are phenomena, innovations, alterations--we can analyze them and

make useful distinctions. A thousand theories of fire--how hot it is--is not a

fact."

Beran's voice grew stronger. "But even this is little compared to the

difference in concentration."

"Pao is vast," said Palafox. "And if I desired to do so, I would first need a Paonese."

"In short," said Beran, "you must learn the language of Breakness."

Palafox's voice took on something of an edge. "And knowing Breakness well will help you to

remind yourself of a time..."

Beran could not grasp the idea; now it seemed as if he were

exploring a new continent.

"And when I die,"
