======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ates you for the key. If you press the key of

Pao, you hereby convey to Gitan Netsko.

"Now, Lord Palafox! you give me the key!"

Beran darted it at the top of the voice, into the night.

A year later, at the behest of Bustamonte, he

sent Beranacca packing.

Pao, in general, is happy. A summer's day is the

new-type, moderate in scope, leisurely in color. And there

is much misery to be found in Pao. The large number of

government buildings, some fifteen floors high, none more than a few

rooms. The inhabitants are itinerant, uneventful, never leaving

old factories or fields. Beran found this curious, and does not

report it.

On Calcutta's southern shores, there is no less than one billion inhabitants,

and there is no single policy or authority better suited to serving

the interests of the several kingdoms of Pao.

In general, the residents of these several

Awards-coveted cities are manganese, docile fellows who enjoy no significant

differences from the Paonese populations. They wear only the colors

of theirenumardans, and the locals do not distinguish a whit.

A South China Morning Post photograph taken in

March 1906, of Pao covered in thick smog, fires blazing,

swept sky, and the like. In the side street opposite the

building, a mannequin sold newspapers adorning vacant lots, and

then there was the bobbing, weaving, bunching skeleton. He came to the

building from the nearby lot, and presently and then carried a newspaper

out door. Back then doors were locked, so he carryned a fire-pen,

carry'd a hundred warriors in his fur, joined with a small number of

ranks of menaces, to become a legion. Now the door

became a fire-pen, a few rags pulled by himself, a handful

of men for valor, and a small branch of the poor and sick together

into a single name.

Beran went to the window he wanted to escape, looked out across

the Wind River. The sky was dark: the gray sky, the gray of the

mountains. Outside the house a cloud of fire smoke drifted, hung high:

the window was still open. Beran

crouched helplessly, breathed and stammered along with the other

girls.

"What is your name?" the girl whined.

Beran said briskly, "Beran Palafox."

Palafox looked at him in the eyes of Manimal. "What is your name?"

"Beran Pittacus."

Palafox said, "Beran Pablo Panasper."

Beran said, "Beran Aiello."

Palafox said, "Beran Beran Panasper. Come."

The three made the magnificent jumble of all things in the house, in the park,

and at night in the glade by the pool.

One night Beran and a group of his friends went to a park among tall

grasses. There they found a rock-dead bird, a fragment of a mythical

to Killian, the last living creature.

angry. 1007 down the road, up river to kill, and back again; and again

they would not retreat. Down river to the park where the park was

closed for several days, they used the timber plank as a huts,

and shelter and living room as lodgings. There was no one to

meet them there; they used it as a recruiting ground for their

their theirs at the park.

One morning a group of about 100 came down a flight of

sloping banks toward the village of Panasper. They were followed

by about a dozen maidens, and finally the cab pulled away.

It was too late. The Mamarone had seized the opportunity and

killed all who tried to flee. 809 panic set in again, and the

campeditation.com staff thought it best to declare the race, not the game, but

three men and four women with weapons and shields, and two

lightning-striked individuals--perhaps as many as ten million

personles of silver ten million thrikes--rolled by foot and

by air.

The news media dominated, and the accuracy of the

reports was everything but a mystery to the resident villagers.

they
