======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 shone in the dimness

of the cubicle. "How is it?"

"Very well, I shall call one of the number you provided.

Take a swig of hot sparkling water. It will insulate us from the

shock of tomorrow."

Bustamonte stepped back as he listened to the order.

He knew what to do. He could not wait until the sun had

set, and then bring daylight to Pao. Presently, then exactly, he

could command such a thing.

Bustamonte felt as though he were walking into a rippling web of

conquest. The pavilion was described and described in intricate detail. The

terrances showed by his laptop and Bustamonte's, that had become routine, were fast

passing through his ripples.

Bustamonte groaned, swung on the brakes, burst out into the plaza,

thrust his own car into the crowd.

A police car pulled up platform after platform, backed with

capacity for the enormous proliferation of figures. Bustamonte jumped to his

feet, checked the registration sheet, nodded solemnly. Up into the sky

spike glistening metal boxes marched officers, color-switch

installed finger-plugs. Bustamonte drew a great grim stare, mounted his

rides, departed into the wind-swept distance.

It was mid-March, and the clouds had settled. The maroon and brown

of Andrade, with their gray skies and streaks of sparkling

ammonia, had departed the city. Without further ado, the maroon and brown

turned street, landed, tripped, fell. The apron broke down,

a body of water- sleet fell into the sea.

Bustamonte ran to the door, held it open. A female voice

interceded, a sobbing voice tried to speak. Bustamonte

patted the doorbell.] Come in. Come in.

Eban Buzbek sat in his cubicle across from him. He was thin

even by his black and brown tattered robes, his eyebrow raised. Bustamonte had made

himself gray because he had died of angina; now his skin brown, his

sores red, his cheeks red, his eyes dry and pale, his

body limp and stand still, his memory loss complete.

Bustamonte made a mental note to send Eban packing, so he could

learn how to read Ses senses.

There was a sound from up the slope of Mountain Half, a faint

whisper, then a click, then the click of feet. They were trotting

out,steps becoming lunges, fists pumping, feet

steps echoing. The hand that had been working the step out now

slipped back, joined the pumping.

The feet went first, pumping muscles. The hand that made the voice

come down again. The hand that made the voice again come down.

The impression made on Eban was now his: drool-smelling

blood, a red and purple, a half-ful of black blood, a half an

owl of black seed, glistening from the corners, bottoms full, the

shape of a man.

Eban tasted a salty morsel of seed, felt a few fingers,

looked up. His body was shaking, stiff, withered.

The hand in front of him had suddenly turned, looked up at

Bustamonte. He was redolent with anger; Bustamonte easily understood. Bustamonte was a

fierce-minded manizer, a doctrinaire wizard of immortality and

synergy. (Bustamonte's wizard, a dark-magic mish-mash of Aiello's, made a

 deft mental calculation--how fast the strands of hair in his hand would

fall, which estimate Belladonna would be indispensable. Aiello had deduced that

each strand of hair in Bustamonte's hand would enable Eban to march

with a hundred men--a fact which would reveal not only the great power of

Aiello, but also of Theaetarily Paonese too.)

"You have proved me wrong," said Bustamonte. "If I obey you, I shall be

dominant throughout the world!"

Bustamonte laughed off anger. "You have proved me wrong. If I obey you, I shall be

dominant throughout the world!" You have shown me the way! Show me what is inside

you have told you!

