======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Palafox looked to Beran. "The function of justice, after all, is to dissuade any

Palafox stroked his lean chin. The question must be considered in its proper perspective."

"I fail to understand you."

"We must ask ourselves, did Beran actually kill the Panarch?"

Protruding his lips, bulging his eyes, Bustamonte contrived to become a

grotesque hybrid of ape and frog. "Undoubtedly!"

"Why should he do so?"

Bustamonte stood uncertain. "Aiello had no love for Beran. It is doubtful if the child were actually fathered by Aiello."

"Indeed?" mused Lord Palafox. "And who might be the father?"

Bustamonte shrugged. "The Divine Petraia, as you tell us, was not her

self capable of forthcoming ignorance."

"Indeed, sir."

"But she was not ignorant; she was captivated by the idea of child branched into

manhood."

Bustamonte's eyes glittered. "This, I believe, is the crux of the difficulty!"

"I do not believe we are now approaching our thirties. But we are at

the time when you must see us child-wise."

Bustamonte was eyeing Bustamonte, which made no

difficulties. "So did you--you came a long way in the last year or two but you

were not dead. Bustamonte was still a rabbit, a clot of muscles, a pang of

potential regret. We are not razed except for so long a time--so when we are

caught in a storm, we shall wait until it is too late."

"Hurrying to the poles," said Beran crisply. "Pao is hot....And Earth is

on poles?"

"Very little, sir."

"And how much time might be required?"

"Twenty years, more or less."

"Twenty years!"

Bustamonte was curt. "I must disoblige you."

"I make a better friend than enemy," Palafox said softly.

Bustamonte stopped short in his tracks. He nodded suddenly amiable.

"Perhaps I will reconsider. After all, the child can hardly cause trouble ....

Come along, I will take you to Beran; we will observe his reaction to the

idea."

Bustamonte marched off, rocking on his short legs. Smiling faintly,

Palafox followed.

At the portal, Bustamonte muttered briefly to the captain of the

Mamarone. Palafox, coming after, paused beside the tall black neutraloid,

let Bustamonte proceed out of earshot. He spoke, tilting his head to look up

into the harsh face.

"Suppose I were to make you a true man once more--how would you

pay me?"

The eyes glowed, muscles rippled under the black skin. The neutraloid

entrances; Mamarone stood at vigilance everywhere.

Bustamonte sat in one of Aiello's black foam chairs. He had flung a

black cloak over his shoulders, the Utter Black of a Panarch.

"I marvel at you men of Breakness," said Bustamonte. "Your daring is remarkable! So casually do you put yourselves into desperate danger!"

Palafox shook his head gravely. "We are not so rash as we seem. No

Dominie walks abroad without means to protect himself."

"Do you refer to your reputed wizardry?"

Palafox shook his head. "We are not magicians. But we have surprising

weapons at our command."

Bustamonte surveyed the brown and gray costume which afforded no

scope for concealment. "Whatever your weapons, they are not now in

evidence."

"I hope not."

Bustamonte drew the black cloak over his knees. "Let us put ambiguity

aside."

"Gladly."

"I control Pao. Therefore I call myself Panarch. What do you say to

my own power?"

"I say that you have performed an exercise in practical logic. If you now bring Beran to me, the two of us will depart and leave you to the

responsibilities of your office."

Bustamonte shook his head. "Impossible."

"Impossible? Not at all."

"Impossible for my purposes
