======== SAMPLE 1 ========
id.

A year passed. Beran took a melancholy interest in his work, and even

found himself participating in the ambitions and plans of the students. He

tried to compensate by describing with cautious enthusiasm the ideals of

old Pao, but met blank unconcern. More interesting were the technical

miracles they believed he must have witnessed in the Breakness

laboratories.

During one of his holidays Beran made a dolorous pilgrimage to the old

home of Gitan Netsko, a few miles inland. With some difficulty he found

the old farm beside Mervan Pond. It was now deserted; the timber dry, the

fields of yarrow overgrown with thief-grass. He seated himself on a rotting

bench under a low tree, and to his mind came sad images....

He climbed the slope of Blue Mountain, looked back over the valley.

The solitude astonished him. Across all the horizon, over a fertile land once

thronged with population, there was now no movement other than the flight

of birds. Millions of human beings had been removed, most to other

continents, but others had preferred to lie with their ancestral earth over

them. And the flower of the land--the most beautiful and intelligent of the

girls--had been transported across the southern half of the

latte, to Bandar Donas, by air and by submarine.

The next day Beran received an explanation from his immediate

superior, Sub-Strategist Gian Firanu, a soldier-of-fortune from one of the

far worlds. "You witnessed a funeral--a hero's funeral. On

thurcheAge, a hero has a certain prestige, and so has been brought

into the fold of a new organization. For this reason the Brumbos keep a

black ward in the capital for all good reasons, and have

supposed that there is scope on which the organization of the organization's affairs may

be modified."

"I am of no further use to you," said Beran.

"I am no longer a soldier," said Gitan Netskoreed. "I am no longer a stranger to trouble. I have

became aiding, aiding, warning, the quixotry of fate--this is

my destiny. I agree to this alliance. It is one I will continue to employ me."

"As a soldier?"

"Yes, sir."

"And does this not make you a hero to the greater number of you?"

"I cannot be the sole expert in the field. There are others who will interpret

me, formulate their own ideas. If I say

nothing, I have alternateґism to offer."

Beran darted a glance at the direction of his words. Finisterle did not move from

himself. He was tiptoeing his way through the motions of the

language, absorbing what he could of the discussion.

"What is the name of this place?"

"I want to speak novaissees."

A man spoke three words alternately between the various

genders on each end of the table. The Paonese who had gained the

language learned to take offense at Beran's grief-

castigation, at the apparent passivity of his eyes.

"I will not disparage anyone," said Beran. "I will merely modification. One of the modifications I am contemplating is the withholding of the title of Paonese:

Preserver."

Beran said apologetically, "If you do not agree, you must move slowly. I am not attaining my ambitions."

Palafox thought a moment, seemed to be on the point of speaking,

hesitated, then said, "For instance: the title of Paonese?"

"Preserver."

Palafox nodded. "In this instance, the language will be extravagantly complicated. The phrasing will be emphatic, the syntax flippant and ambiguous. The phrasing will be emphatic and the syntax insistent. The phrasing will be ambiguous and the

language will be sparse. On the other hand, there will be a time, a state of

combination, and I will be everything to Bustamonte!!"

Beran shrugs his shoulders. "There will be much true to what you said. But I see you have

no alternative. I will live--I will die."

"And you would refuse to live?"

"I have no alternative, no matter how ridiculous. There is no more to say. Come at your own

end."

ahead of the
