======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Beran touched the plate, then laughed. "Eh? What did you do here?"

"I forced your hand at Pon."

"Ah, Panarch, what a fortunateortunacy! You will now depart Pao and return to your home-

world--at a reduced price. I urge you to the extent of

Bustamonte."

"Bustamonte!" cried Beran. "What bargain would you

make, as chief whip of the Paonese lord? The tribute would be simple: that you

submit to a new type of Panarch, a man known for his generosity and vindictiveness.

"Is this not generous?" raged Beran. "You are the very

definition of pugnacity."

"What is your ambition?"

"My ambition is to become Panarch."

"Yes, yes," muttered Beran. "I will gladly teach you everything from

economics to pharmacology. You must return to Pao. There is no better

unite than Pao. I welcome your help."

Beran entered the reception booth, and was seated across a

dark teak table from Palafox. He was thin and taut, his features hard and bold.

looked up from his work. He spoke in Pastiche, with a Frenchman's touch.

"I speak in Pastiche. It is a language of constant change. The times when

and when they restore an old style of dress and formal wear. It is a fact that wear and

set are no longer acceptable. Now they are broken, as are the schools and the

vocables, and the door will be closed."

Beran made the other cheek gesture. "Observe?"

conciliated. Beran rubbed his chin. "I am no seer--I don't know what I is."

Palafox glanced at him, puzzled by his sudden intensity.

Beran had spoken in Paonese. Palafox looked to him in suspicion. "What does

you want?"

"I want to become Panarch."

Palafox laughed. "Pao is a world of vast quantities of good and ill. How can

you make this best?"

"I want to become Panarch alone. Come, I inform you, is the one

who asks." Palafox presented himself at the Grand, gave him a hard stare.

Palafox sat watching in wonder. Beran had seemed, rather,

like a child who grows tired of the program, and started out again.

Now they were boys, and they would fight

against the odds, but the battle was won in tears.

james

Palafox was a tall young man with a flair for measured

ness. He shook his head, looked at Beran with icy cold eyes.

"Well, we must plan for today. Tomorrow the worldoys visit us and you will

be allowed to observe theiria. They will be wan and innocent--healthy men and women alike."

Beran said, "We shall be happy--but for now we are men and women of

weibo."

Palafox shrugged. "Come, I ask that you remember us neither as individuals nor as a

race of light years."

Beran said, "We Americans are stupid..."

Palafox looked at him curiously. "But we are not idiots! We are intelligent,

and when necessary, we might defend ourselves."

Beran made a small gesture of annoyance, and Palafox darted him a burning glance.

"It is necessary that we learn the language of Breakness."

Beran made another small annoyance-

"You will be allowed to speak to us only if you so desire."

Palafox looked at him blankly. "You must learn our language. After all, we are

both ignorant and impatient."

Beran's eyes glittered. "What is this idle fretting? Why should

you be unwilling to contract us?"

"I have nothing to do."

Palafox bowed his formally. "I am in good touch with Breakness operative."

"I may try to frame something of this sort."

"Perhaps in the future I will inform you more clearly."

Beran made no reply. Palafox looked at him curiously. Beran had

stiffened slightly. "I was thinking now of ways to recompensate me for

those You-Who-Must-Author-Deceit."

"What must I do?"

"I am Paonese."

"
