======== SAMPLE 1 ========
alt, sat in the oldest of dormitories, alone and without mates.

There was a thud, a draft of air.

Bustamonte turned, froze in his tracks. In the window stood a glaring-

eyed young man, wearing black.

"Beran," croaked Bustamonte. "Beran!"

Beran jumped down to the black carpet, came quietly forward.

counseled restraint. You act emotionally--there is no point in discarding the good with the bad."

"Show me something good," responded Beran. "I might then be less determined."

Palafox thought a moment, seemed to be on the point of speaking,

hesitated, then said, "For instance: the Ministers of Government."

"All cronies of Bustamonte's. All nefarious, all corrupt."

Palafox nodded. "This may be true. But how do they comport

themselves now?"

"Ha!" Beran laughed. "They work night and day, like wasps in autumn, convincing me of their probity."

"And so they perform efficiently. You would only work confusion in

de-robing the lot. I advise you to move slowly--discharge the obvious

sycophants and time-servers, bring new men into the ministry only

whenever opportunity presents itself."

Beran was forced to admit the justice of Palafox's remarks. But now he

sat back in his chair--the two were taking a lunch of figs and new wine on

the palace roof garden--and seemed to brace himself. "These are only the

incidental alterations I wish to make. My main work, my dedication, is to

restore Pao to its former condition. I plan to disperse the Valiant camps to

various parts of Pao, and do something similar with the Technicant

installations. These persons must learn Paonese, they must take their places

in our society."

"And the Cogitants?"

Beran rapped his knuckles on the table. "I want no second Breakness on

Pao. There is scope for a thousand institutes of learning--but they must be

established among the Paonese people. They must teach Paonese topics in

the Paonese language."

"Ah yes," sighed Palafox. "Well, I expected nothing better. Presently I will return to Breakness, and you may restore Nonamand to the shepherds

During the next few days Beran pondered at great length. Palafox

seemed to regard him as a predictable quantity, one which would

automatically react in a direction favorable to Palafox. This consideration

moved him to caution and he delayed immediate action against the three

non-Paonese enclaves.

Bustamonte's splendid harem he sent packing, and began the formation

of his own. It was expected of him; a Panarch without suitable concubines

would be regarded with suspicion.

Beran felt no disinclination on Breakness; and indeed he was a kind of

young Beran, the Medallion Hylanth Lachyr, leading a Paonese life.

The Drones!

Beran, thronged with adventurers, swindlers, and muggers,

tried to booth and shake his head. Suddenly he exclaimed, "No! No!!"

He was attacked by Lions and Shraimand; a Pebblestone Demon!

He fell Plague-stricken with dizziness, and wandered in sullen

form, unrecognized.

The Cogitants came forth, but Beran was barred by the Walls from

talking to the Batch. He became dazed at the source of the voice.

He looked up, could see no one but the warriors

and cronies of Palafox. He halved the number of his troops, and made

joint efforts to subdue the Mamarone. But when

the Valiant Myrmidons brought forth their destroials, Beran

was forced to admit the justice of the situation.

On the last day of his eight-year contract, Beran was transferred

to Eiljanre. Ignoring the pangs of depravities, he$$essed

the transport back to Zelambre Bay.

By this time the Shraimand and the Valiant Myrmidons were in disarray,

swept off the field and into the deep sea.

Bustamonte ordered the landing- MH370 passed
