======== SAMPLE 1 ========
amonte.

"I am at your orders," said Palafox. "Until last night, I was

diluted and dulled. I was fed and clothed away from the

fighters, housed and furnished only with the most highly modified

formulations. I have now finished my meal and are ready to depart."

Palafox rose to his feet. "You were drugged and drugged into labor!"

"Yes, but where..."

"Linguists, paleonicists, linguists. Come."

Linguists Benforth and Atrumptiousole studied Beran.

"Panarch, you are ruthless. You have profited greatly from the

uncertainty of Bustamonte's formation. In addition, you have been treated with

delight.

"During the night the bandits vandalized several public buildings. I

wanted to leave, but warned Bustamonte. He acted directly--the Paonese have no interest in

change. Now, again and again, Bustamonte's people flee the area.

"It is therefore with regret," said Palafox. "You have done more to harm Bustamonte than

himself."

"I am Palafox."

Palafox was surprised. "But I am no Panarch. Not in the least!"

"I have much to do. If you return you will lose out on many Pao treasures. If

I succeeded you would be killed."

"I hope not. But you must know what has been lost."

Palafox was touched by suspicion. "That is the most you can hope to have achieved a useful purpose. It is

your happiness, not mine. The Paonese are creators of success and

how could you thinkto achieve success when you let misery threaten to consume you?"

"I have nothing to do," said Beran. "I am in touch with my Lord."

"This is the crux of the difficulty," said Palafox. "You, a Wizard of Breakness Institute! For this very reason I Come!"

He went to the door, knocked. A young WOMAN came forth.

She spoke very slowly. "I am Beran, Beran Come!"

Beran came forth alone. For some reason not readily

apparent, the Planet Pao women avoided him. He made no reply.

There was a silence of concern from the women of Pao.

He went closer to the girl. "Tomorrow three million people, Dierombona,

Spareno, and that is what the Armies of the Mercantil

has in common: a person of good character."

"I agree."

"This agreement protects you from my assassins. Your life

is now sealed in the Shraimand Desert. I will appear at Pon,

once or twice in the morning."

Palafox thoughtingly inquired as to what Palafox had done.

"To thwart you, the Brumbos swarm the planet. I coordinate your

sons, your husbands, and your interests coincide with those of Bustamonte."

"This is the crux of the difficulty!" cried Beran. "You have been insulated from

Bustamonte for twenty years. He will kill you if you talk to me again."

"I am the true Panarch. I am powerless to stop you."

Palafox smiled thinly. "Bustamonte has proved himself a

sleight-of-hand. You want facts, you want anecdotes. And the most

accurate of these, the Paonese account, based on forgotten

facts."

Beran snatched a book from the room, read it slowly. After a moment the eye

turned wide, then showed red border.

Beran took the printed book off the table, read it aloud.

"The history of the universe begins with the small. The giant Ra comes

gently to take his seat. His moods spin often, and you will be

defeated swiftly. We are Paonese, we shall defend our founding principles.

But quicken these moods, and you will be defended swiftly.

The Valiant Myrmidons shoot starships "$:/children/hair/​bandunits\\children

of Palafox. His hair troubles me a great deal. I like

his hair, it's as colorsC could make me.

He carries this costume to the port, and delivers it to

the Mamarone."

Beran took the costume away from him, swung it on a pallet. "This is the real deal,

the
