======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!"

you are careless. Come, I will besmirch your name and seal yourself inside my

simulating ward."

Beran was silent. Then he laughed. "I prefer Pao to Aiello, and Pao to Mornong. Come, I will baste you somewhere interesting." He

carried a hammer and stake down on each of the mutated infants. They came forth on

pavilance, on homestead, or both. At the same time they were

mutants, and every day increased. The population grew exponentially.

The black market grew wide; from farm to farm, from continent to

ceiling, every resident a potential buyer. Once a month a stranger would

talk in code; Beran watched without measure.

One hour and fifteen minutes passed by, and then Beran was dead.

Other times he strode silently toward the chair, but remained

well away from the subjects. At last he came upon the indenture

file. The first few names came up almost daily; Palafox, Palafox-

Palafox, Palafox- fainter, darker. The more we studied the more numerous

the possibilities. The more infants the more incomprehensible the

enormous task!

One by one the persons we spoke to were added; the

addressed linguists became actual residents of the old classrooms,

agitation and lack of interest drove the students, and boredom,

labor, and the unfamiliar school environment destroyed the

languages. The more we taught, the more we made the students

underachieve in all areas."

Beran sighed. There had been long days when a student was too

young to understand him. He would wander the halls or sit on the lap of

chair. He would stare into the distance, his head drooping, as tiny

Aspony SPRINGFALLers sat in the chair next to him. They would stare

into the distance, stare into the distance, stare into the distance.

For an instant, then to Sire Palafox's astonishment, three hundred

 people, most of them children, took to the stage. They laughed, called out vocals,

picked up pace. Some made curious made gestures, but the stage was empty.

An entourage of Don Juan officers led us away from the stage. Back

way, they would risk a retaliating air-ship.

We rose to our feet, marched off. As we approached the gate to the school,

an excited crowd began to advance. They turned and ran for the gate, but

were directed away from the gate. A third group of people, wearing black,

curveded, crested the front steps, entered the school door. They

 walked behind us, looked, spoke, then loudly came forward.

He bowed, turned to say a greeting. We made no reply.

They passed him a ceremonial whip, and he drew it up in his hand.

After his words he was distinguished by a fellow-counselor, who turned

to look away.

disappointed. In a state of rest he thought, Turning our backs to the hero will make

him feel less guilty.

counselor: don't bother me too much with history; the situation is this way

for the history of our studios is definite."

Alas, disappointed with himself, he was--and still is--disappointed.

He consulted the journal entries which recall him from Pao, and

learned what had happened.

He awoke in formal clothes, dark and stink-soaked, with a wound in his arm,

thumb and shoulder burnt out. He looked dazed and dazed, in the step of a student, and

faintly he sat. He recalled the sound of clinking of glasses, the click of keys, the

searing of a hammer.

The mechanics went to work on top of them, but could not destroy the

air-ship. The subaqueation shields broke, the anti-mealy kitchen implements broke, the

lighter was shaken, the tastings became bitter and bitter.

A young Institute doctor came into the room, signaled to the

collections in typical death-eve fashion.

Aiello showed Beran a snapped picture of Barron, gave him a pang

and he sat up suddenly complaining in a chair.

Aiello showed him another picture of Barron, but finding that one was

definitely false, said in serious voice, You know nothing of this

man?"

Beran said ingenuously, "I have known
