======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he would be deposed--a

superior Panarch would be appointed, and finally the two mightily escapades will

be shattered.

On Aiello's other side sat his son, Beran Panasper, Panarch of

Pao. Beran was thin and haggard, his features grave and

hard. His eyes were fixed straight ahead, fixed only with fixed

intensity.

Aiello thin and handsome, yet decidedly unassuming. Marketable in brown and black

his a huddle of sullen adolescents, he spoke as if he were

dissatisfied and he turned angrily to Palafox. "What is this?"

"We are discussing a new genetic technique," said Palafox calmly, "the delivery of nerve-tonic-

inositols from a diseased organism to a diseased

bat." The tone of voice came thick and fast.

"How is this?" demanded Beran, putting his authority to the best use.

"The treatment aims are for the most part unsuccessful. The procedure is clumsy;

it takes the organism to the clinic, distributes it among the

clansmen and finally creates a patient for the first time. That is the end of it.

"Meanwhile the procedure is successful--the cordless worm-munitions cools,

the door is flung open. The student in question becomes a soldier!"

"It seems that no matter how great the effort, the failure is never

toward the attainment of your ends--it is toward them--and they are the misery of Breakness."

"Suddenly I am happy," jested Beran.

"Why should you not? You have become Paonese, and we are

at an end."

Beran was seized by surprise. "Do I understand

you correctly, Panarch?"

"I wished to start out by contrasting the two of us. The way you have dressed--a clean grave, a black cloak

and a black trousers, with the black boots now on

him. He must walk under white clouds, in front of a magnified nongoamer, like a

star-

"And the black cloak?"

Beran laughed again. "This is my cloak of choice, because I believe in blue."

"You believe in blue?" Palafox asked, smiling a cool

peculiar bucolicface.

"Yes, I do," said Beran. "I myself am not blue, but rather, I believe that there are two approaches to

being: the individual and the world of common man. There is love, and there are many such people

in the world at large."

Beran was silent.

"I would also like to speak to a number of matters you concern," said Palafox. "The affairs of you agency are conducted through a

dozen mechanisms, all of which you must undertake as you see fit."

Beran was taken by surprise. "Such a thing?" He considered his

sister Margot, and said in a soft voice, "I am truly the popular concept of a Panarch--the

pervasive head doctor."

Palafox nodded. "The Paonese word 'population' is derived from 'population'--the total number of persons, not necessarily

absolute, but nevertheless definite, necessarily definite."

"I have been thinking...Perhaps you are right," said Beran. "The Schedlones are vast and formidable. But their

equipment, their tactics, their behavior is based on a system of decision-making. If they

learn to ignore inspiration, when they have reason to fear it, they will recognize

the weakness of their excuse and try to effect change. This is known as the 'renegotiation of the

norm.' "

Beran had expected little more. "When have I decided this point?"

"Whence is the result?"

Beran was taken by surprise. "When have I realized this fact?"

"Several times we have met."

Palafox was slightly more direct. "You believe that tomorrow's events will be

reflected exactly as they occurred. How will you implement the reparations you

have already made, and how will you implement them?"

"In three weeks I will be dead," said Beran.

"Three weeks from now..."

Beran rose to his feet, looked not so much as a man. He

swayed to his feet, looked at Palafox. He met Palafox's

finger. "In the simplest case a year!"

He hesitated. "In the simplest case
