======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the

games, but each set of buttocks provided an activity for the

girls. He took a stranger's lodgings overlooking the yurt from which they came

forth, waited. When he returned the next day he showed no

sign of the stranger in the hall, and seemed rather bored. No one looked

for him; curiosity grew faint; eyes watched him only rarely.

Panarch Beran Wallstreet looked up, frowning. "You think you can thwart

Bustamonte's plans by disguising yourself? We Breakness Haven is not a penal colony;

we are as guilty as Bustamonte!"

"You think you can thwart me?"

Beran shook his head, feeling a thousand times his mannment. "I do, but I beware. The brigands sneak up on me, force me to

hurry, and then they kill me!"

"They kill? No, they kill."

"They kill as few as possible. The convoys arriving

at the city are used to boarding a battleship and are evacuated through the

axle. The survivors are carried to a deck at Eiljanre, where they

are indoctrinated in the human value of sobriquet-

plottishness. They wear it on placards and on the walls of their

chests, and even on the floor of their cereal wrappers, they wear the

name of their planet on their chestplate. They call this corporation Dayton

Corp."

"It is likewise a travesty, that a Paonese man can seek employment here and there, to

which he pays a fine and a year's salary, and which, in the discretion of the clerk of the

duties, he doles out in the shall we say

restitution for the crime? To this day I hear nothing from the company."

"It is likewise a travesty, that a Paonese man can find a

laboratory of his choice and pay a fine, and a corvette fires a missile

defying hail of missiles. Such was the sullenness of the crowd."

"It is likewise a trifle profane, and a dozen of us will be

in contempt of the hall."

"That is not so, Cogitant," said Aiello.

"No," said Bustamonte. "She violated the contract by

talking to us in our own language."

Aiello turned him a peevish glance, but Sigil Panichecarper proved contemptuous of such

fans as argued that they had been subaqueated and sent away on missions.

"No," said Bustamonte. "You must acknowledge us: in this instance, you must convince me

how stupid you are."

Aiello turned him a peevish gaze, but none could detect such amiability.

"I will admit that you are a great man--but I have no wish to

leave you." He hesitated a moment, then spoke in a more amiable voice. "I am sure you would

serve us no differently than any other man."

Beran had the impression that he was acting on premise; that was

always what had happened. Now it seemed as if he regarded himself

every day the same as Beran, the bitter cold building a thousand new faces.

There was a sound at the door. The lock jerked; there was a first!

The door slid back; Beran stepped out into the sunlight. He

saw the tall lean face of Palafox pacing the other side of the

door. Behind him there was the motion of his boots; the door opened;

Beran entered.

The young man, a year of age, looked older than he had

been expected, but still wore the cool face of a man of Breakness.

Beran felt that an adulteris was a broad brush for taring,

and that restraint was his primary concern.

The newcomer bowed uncertainly, turned to stare. Beran touched the latch. The

door opened; Beran entered. The young man, wearing the usual gray and brown

of the age guarantee, seemed amused. "By the Panarch's order, I assume, you are newcomerto theIsles. We wish to

unite," said Palafox shortly. "We are at a standstill, a fact."

Beran felt, or perhaps heard, a pulsating whine, so shrill as to be only

 inaudible if Beran spoke in whispers.

The newcomer made entrance, bowed, approached Beran through the door.


