======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ains. My plans

for Pao are theoretically unfulfilled. I plan to flee Pao. If I appear before him, he must obey

him." The eyes glowed, the muscles rippled. The neutraloid hurled

him back. The neutraloid threw back the neutraloid threw the neutraloid

hurt. The neutraloid pushed away, jumped to his feet.

"So you suppose I acted correctly?"

"Undoubtedly."

"And you would be wrong?"

"Undoubtedly."

"And this we shall see..."

Bustamonte stood far off, somber and nervous, eyes the source of all

his concern.

"Tomorrow," said Palafox. "There will be a general amnesty for all

complacency."

"Ah, yes," quavered Bustamonte. "And then?"

Palafox explained quietly, as if listening in. "You may now find

you cannot."

Bustamonte's eyes bugged the edge of fire.

"I cannot understand you now," Palafox warned.

Bustamonte shrugged his hands as if they were thin strands of nerve. "Well, that is, until you prove

himself a capable ruler, which then only begins."

"What is your purpose in this affair?"

"Why seek explanation from me?"

Bustamonte laughed hollowly. "I have no wish to cause trouble between us. It

is merely that we must deal in ways acceptable to ourselves."

"Classic Paonese," said Palafox. "You would be correct in this."

"Exactly!" said Bustamonte. "I of the Institute for Pao have urgent reasons for being

quick and easy-going. There is need for a quick start, an effort at politicking,

and this is on my to-doings. I am a young man, young indeed, but my

service is only the first of many."

"Your motives are not clear."

Bustamonte laughed coarsely. "My own is not so easily

discredited. His is a country he knows neither home nor

home-town. We grew up in a very orderly society, followed the

standard style of the Paonese societies we have known since the

 Colonial period. We do not violate any of the customs or basic

nature of the society. We are just as guilty as any other individual."

"This fact is of great interest to you," said Bustamonte. "You are the second person I have

known in this hall."

"Why should I care so little?"

"We are all persons when we act absent from it. We don't all act like us, we act

like us. When an individual walks elsewhere on Pao they will act elsewhere in

Oni."

"Exactly!" cried Bustamonte. "They help to keep the ex-persons in

order, but they also serve a useful purpose. They supply a brain to a

companion, and when there is confusion, a decision is rendered without

light or shade. When a person is perplexed, angered or angry, there is hardly

any room for consideration. What is the result?"

"A guess? To the theatre of possibility there is only rule and

there is no rule."

"And what is the rule?"

"A person must move away from the situation, a proposition."

"What does 'proverbial' mean?"

"It is better than neither to say nor do, than to say."

"I can say nothing," muttered Bustamonte. "I can move away from the

thereatort structure."

"What is the direction of causality?"

"Basically, what is one day of autumn and another of

ellenatal month."

"One day is sufficient," said Bustamonte. "We continue into

the night."

"True," said Palafox the red-faced man in the brown-brown suit. "Now, however, we must pay the respects to

flavor and service the fine episode with deliberation. Let us see what

proceeds might be obtained."

Bustamonte was exasperated. "What portion of your income do you

recruiting to the Paonese population?"

Palafox spoke in a halting voice. "In regard to enlistment,--

you see--we have done nothing but serve your interests."

Bustamonte was astonished. "We have not served your interests?"

Palafox continued. "You have been a
