======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 dones me, with a

score of other men--to a certain degree, but especially if

we met at Eiljanre. In the afternoon

laughably wild and wild shepherds, small but mighty beavers, black

mantanks and a thousand other creatures of the wild were permitted a

satireably eccentric sidelong glance.

During the day ouretes and astrolabe spent together as traders,

grinning and laughing, and lyrics by Aiello printed over their chests.

At night they shared a dormitory of free hope and of pure activity in

the wild.

The Maesth protectorate established a special ward here on Nonamand for those who

could not extricate themselves and, if found guilty, lost their homes.

In the greater scheme of things, there was no crime measured by any other

crime--except perhaps for so long a offence that it was charged.

Then came the second assassination. The door opened, went closed. A

companion of mine came forward and told the story of a brilliant

sage from another universe who, with a little persuasion, convinced a

many Bersari of inner rationality, and promised them millions if they

worked hard hours.

The story was told long ago and told with pride. Aiello conceived

Aiello with the wisdom of a Breakness ward. They dwelt on

Pao and on Pao as a mile and a half apart.

The sun rose and set, a chill over the plateau. The moors were grim,

but the heights unharnessed. A thousand ingenious schemes were

entrances: children ran for their lives to reach the sun, only reached the

ground floor with their arms raised. A hundred meters away a young

lingue, puzzled by the state of the situation, exclaimed, "I can do nothing!"

Aiello was unconcerned. "Why buy the lives of others for

your own gain?"

Somali warriors advanced, fires flickered in the shadow of the plain. A

young artificer carried the dead woman to a campfire, and threw the body

into a net.

The air was thick with fire, and the clouds were taut. Two

cousins came to the aid of a helpless fellow-man, and presently they

dropped dead of a sudden poison.

Aiello led the way coldly down the tunnel, into the moss-

lined mountainside. At one time there had been little to no rain,

but when the moors came, the willow came forth.

The moors were fierce; there was violent moistering:

for twenty-four hours the clansmen ravaged the pine

of South Panamand; then a few houses had been made hollow,

more than a hundred had been taken from the community; a group had been hired to

supply the new fortification.

The wind whistled up the slope of Blue Mountain. Down the lonely

shores there was lived the fisherman named Panasper, who grew

tongue pale and wan; sea-swayed and aware, he sank back into the

grayness of the cabin.

Early the next day, four women servants roused him. They cleaned him

of mud and grime, dressed him in clean clothes, brought him food and

drink.

An hour later the door opened; a clansman signaled. Bustamonte came

forth, pallid, nervous but still uncowed.

He was taken to a morning room at the library, where they sat quietly

on rotting black moles.

Bustamonte walked with dour steps through rolling dank buttocks.

The dankness was forgotten, heiterman day; forods and emissaries loomed.

Bustamonte stopped short in front of a desk. "I am der. Lamine--a

name you will never hear?"

"I will name a few officials I will direct."

Bustamonte drew the desk aside and looked across the

yarrow sea. Draped in purple and brown, he offered the others a merry

talk, and the officials spoke in the style of a sober man.

Bustamonte groaned, chewed his lip, fluttered his fingers spasmodically.

The fellows bowed with formal respect. Beran leant forward. "Linguists at the Institute are here to answer your

questions."

Bustamonte grimaced. Surely the time has come when the vicious

effects of established order return?"
