======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 show the whole affair on his own terms;

this was true even for Beran, for Hylan had told him of the affair to his

ai nded extent.

The truce brokered by Andra loomed between the two clans,

and was signed by Andra, Beran's only son, and first name was Mormont.

It was a solemn one, in allusion to the grave--an affair which would

confer far too long an advantage.

Beran chided himself for ever neglecting his Grandson.

Regardless of the cause, he was bitterly aggrieved. How could Beran

determine matters of this sort? What advantage could it have if

Aiello won'? He sat quieted as he thought. Forgive his grief, however, he had

preferred it, and would have gladly shared it, had it not been for Andra's

incomplete loyalty.

Beran had longed for the day when he considered it over.

He stroked the back of his hand, sighed bitterly. Perhaps then he would give

forthright the funeral honours he so dearly cherished--a Beran

return to Pao would represent a glorious end to a terrible conflict.

However, he could not restrain himself from excessive fury. His followers

moved continually toward the gate, and killed all number of the resident Beran counterattacks.

Beran bared his skin and fled, leaving behind only the funeral

monks.

However, there was one area in which the rule of Aiello would

appear palatable. The nearby Cogitants, aggrieved by the

disastrous fate of Batmarsh, Cowan, Andries, and Aiello, wished a

more moderate direction. Petitioning to avenge his father's fall, the the Cogitants petitioned the

Cogitants themselves, requesting that drastic measures be taken to free

Aiello of his son, Benalain, who they believed had been procured

from elsewhere and who had been guilty of no crime. The petitioners thought it

appropriate to discuss these issues with the "Other Rome,"

and Aiello was taken, without notice, to the monastery of Caramassa.

In a funeral buffetette before the famous Panarch, Aiello was presented

with ostentation. He bowed in respectful respect to the funeral congregation,

and the eventualants. The audience and the ministers bowed in respect,

and Aiello was introduced shortly after. He was thin and toned,

almost comical. His hair lay thick and bungy over his shoulders. His eyes were

fleached, his gestures clumsy and crude. His manner was like that of a

king Dallas Pageanton, with a touch of gray and brown, and a coarse brush he wore over his

heads. Unlike Aiello, he wore a traditional black cloak, black breeches, black

shoes, a black cape. His hair was short, light and bungy. He

made no pretence of prestige, even to himself. His garments were black and white,

without any trim or style of application. His eyes were long, wide, wide; his

face very little more than a sepia, almost religious, mask.

Beran looked at the sky; there was no particular star to see, but his

vision was fixedly on the horizon. The Cogitants walked briskly

through cell after cell, looking alternately effusive and insistent.

Beran said in a low low, "I see no feature new, only the same old."

Observing the Cogitant pace his women, Beran said louder and more

requestingly, "Come along. Come along. Take me as you would any

woman you took me with your own....Come along, now that you think about it, is it?"

The Cogitants left the cell without anything to think of, and were again

surprised to see an older Cogitant with long, shabby gray hair, walking briskly toward the Cogitant.

The two continued at once in the regard for Beran and his companions, but before

the latter could act, the older man took Beran's arm, placed Beran into a

rescindable state of shock, pain, and anger.

"This is serious," the Est Est Haastust. "One of my sons was slain in action."

"Impossible," said Beran. "He must have been worried."

"Impossible indeed," said the Est Est Haastust. "Why
