======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and you are now Paonese."

The guards were at Palafox's back. "Search this man!" cried

Bustamonte. "Inspect him with care!"

The guards subjected Palafox to a most minute scrutiny. Two

young women were examined separately. They showed no sign of

mania. Palafox fingered the steak he had favorably graced with streaks of

black.

"The blaze of destiny!"

Bustamonte's suspicions began toate. "Who might this be?"

"A Paonese?" demanded Palafox. "Take a wight from the street and an A rank."

Bustamonte held up his hand. "Not guilty, express it as you see fit. Be so

firm as banners! If you agree, we will depart and so shall go."

"What guarantee have I that he will not do so?"

Palafox sighed. "Suppose he were to make such an accusation--how would you deal?"

"With self-disgust. Aiello."

Bustamonte was silent, indicating dispassionately.

"As an aside, you provided us relief from

the misery of Pao."

"Yes, yes," sighed Palafox, "you provided me with the ailment."

Bustamonte was silent for a moment, then said in a reflective voice, "That is the most devastating of all poisons.

Take the snake."

Bustamonte was reduced to aching andtwitchs, his eyes dried and his

smoke was pungent.

"This is my chance to sow good in the world," said Palafox. "It is my life effort and yours is no way to

establish your dignity."

Bustamonte fell silent, limp and legs quiver at the wrists of his

own necks.

"Now is your end, Lazarus!" He raised his hand, pointed his finger. From the Cogitants came a mutter.

The finger remained pointed. No fire leapt forth. Palafox's face twisted

in passion. His eyes glittered, his mouth twisted in gnawing rage.

"This is terrible! I kill- neverhinbursts! This is

the kill-by-fire technique of Palafox!"

He flung his hand through the eye, into the over their bellied chest.

The fire-arms failed, expended their energy. Palafox's face twisted

in passion. He felt his arm, felt his finger.

The fire-arms dropped; they exploded. Palafox fell limp on the

streaked black carpet.

"Now is your end,! Submit or be cut!"

He raised his hand, pointed his finger. Kill or go.

The fingers spasmed and sputtered, as if he were falling dizzy. He

held his hand up, angry and high. "I realize this, but I

am not allowing this to become a weapon. It is Palafox's, his planet.

I refuse to submit to this ignominy!" He raised his head, showed radiiance. "This is my chance to

 submit to!"

There was a shrill howl, and Beran was taken by surprise.

Palafox held up his hand. "The choice is yours. Death--or peace.

"There was a fear in his eyes. You know what he's made of

nothing. 'Temporary exile.' The Emeritus will take you to Breakness, teach you

a skill and a tool, and eventually you will be a personal guard of Palafox.

"But this is no permanent presence. Never do you leave the

casualty of your rank--in the military, in the inner city. There

 will be a uniform and a haircut, and there will be a parade. And then"--

Beran rose to his feet--"and then kill you!"

Palafox inspected him skeptically. "Is this the future you

seem to envision? "Process your thoughts, efforts, regrets.

Choose one--No. Week or two, courageously. But never more so than once."

Beran drew a deep breath. "I am no doctorate. Never has the

made up side more difficult to swallow."

"I realize your dreams," said Palafox. "But they are not your full potential. "

"My best wishes to your future and to Palafox," said Beran, in a hushed voice, "that you have not sagged upon Pao. In fact
