======== SAMPLE 1 ========
chechete. "Come, my young

daughter,--come."

Leaf-eyed young women entered the hall, looked curiously toward Palafox, and strolled forth the

rooms spilling their lapsed trinkets.

Beran's eyes once more focused on the girl. She turned wide

eyed stare. "You are so beautiful--you have so much going on!"

"Why do you stare?"

"I have nothing to lose."

She said softly, "I am alive because of you. I do, however, wish to receive

gifts from Palafox."

Beran was silent, reflecting that if he received anything from

Palafox, it must be performed in accordance with his wishes.

Beran's friend, the ordained Dominie, the Mercantil, sat nearby

with his shoulders aplenty. He was the father of point-

born Paonese," said Palafox. "And he delivers it with wisdom and accuracy to your ears. Not a scrap of

work must be lost or damaged!"

Beran nodded slowly. "This is Lord Palafox's wish."

"And what do you do with lost goods?"

Palafox glanced around the room. "We patrol and cooperate with

Palafox, so we are bound by the contract."

"Relinquish this contract, and you will be safe--except for a few moments of

consciousness. Come, I trust you will accept the surcharge."

She touched his hand to his cheek, walked beside him. They passed through a door

into an alley, where they encountered young men and women

. . .

On the roof-deck the Dominie Palafox sat like a man of stone. A

star-shaped fixture, with a white trim, swung about. He bent

headlong at the door, pushed it open. He stepped inside.

The young man in brown and gray spoke in hushed whispers.

"Come," said Palafox. "I am Beran."

The man in brown turned him a glance, signaled that they be addressed

in a short note. The note remained in their possession.

Palafox looked at him curiously. "As you have heard, a Dominie is not a

person of the universe. He is a mechanical organism with four times the mass and therefore a

more powerful arm."

"True," reflected Beran. "However, we must recognize the difference between a

Mechanic and a Non-Mechanic. Non-Mechanic are considerably

larger, have considerably the same code of justice as DoD."

"This," said Beran briskly, "is the reason why the Brumbos have persisted in recruiting us."

The man spoke openly of a man who burns and who

chose his visitors. "Act now, for I will destroy him. I have no wish to see you return."

The visitor looked at him curiously. "I return to Pao."

"Pao." said Beran in a quiet voice.

The man bowed, leaned his head back. "I return to Pao."

Beran could tell he had not made the statement, "I return." A few

minutes later the black bull--with the blood-red skin of his cheeks white as

the broth he had sampled--turned and ran into the rain.

The Mamarone left the city, taking Beran with them. He showed the

boat slow trials and tribulations, scenes which a translated Panarch might be

afraid to describe.

The Mamarone drove the Mamarone back to port.

huckey returned to his ship.

Beran was a miserable child. His father was a brigand,

who grew up with his uncle, and died of a disease. His

teammates reported numerous sicknesses, but there was no increase in

the fighting. The Mamarone returned to their ship on board the Grand

Temple.

On reentering the hull, Beran found his father gone, his father's

death in the fireplace.

Beran took courage in his pretensions. "He were not his father real here

died. All those who witnessed him say he floated in the wind. Dead or alive, his blue

windowed form dragged along on a gray stretcher.

The reed sounded around the room.

Beran felt a sudden weightlessness. There was a sound

of pockets, a thrust, a clatter. The reed sounded again and

again, 100 yards, 50 yards, then another
