======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 came in at the ends of

his clothes.

"'Paonese: I am your Panarch. I am Beran, son to Aiello, scion of the

ancient Panasper Dynasty. Many years I have lived in exile, growing to my

maturity. Bustamonte has served as Ayudor. He has made mistakes--now I

have come to supersede him. I hereby call on Bustamonte to acknowledge

me, to make an orderly transfer of authority. Bustamonte, speak!"

Bustamonte had already spoken. A dozen neutraloids ran forward with

rifles, knelt, aimed. Lances of white fire raced up to converge on the figure

in black. The figure seemed to shatter, to explode; the crowd gasped in

shock.

The fire-lances turned against the black rectangle, but this appeared

impervious to the energy. Bustamonte swaggered truculently forward.

"This is the fate meted to idiots, charlatans and all those who would violate the justice of the government. The impostor, as you have seen..."

Beran's voice came down from the sky. "You shattered only my image,

Bustamonte. You must acknowledge me: I am Beran, Panarch of Pao."

"Beran does not exist!" roared Bustamonte. "Beran died with Aiello!"

"I am Beran. I am alive. Here and now you and I will take truth-drug,

and any who wishes may question us and bring forth the truth. Do you

agree?"

leave Festival Field. In the center, at the most concentrated node, the sense

of constriction was strongest. Faces twisted and turned; from a distance the

effect was rapid pale twinkling.

A milling motion began. Families were wedged apart, pushed away

from each other. Then shouts and calls were the components of a growing

hoarse sound. The fear became palpable; the pleasant field grew acrid with

the scent.

Overhead the black rectangle disappeared, the sky was clear. The crowd

felt exposed; the shoving became trampling; the trampling became panic.

Overhead appeared the police craft. They cruised back and forth like

sharks; the panic became madness; screams became a continuous shrieking.

But the crowd at the periphery was fleeing, swarming along the various

roads and lanes, dispersing across the fields. The police craft swept back

and forth indecisively; then turned and departed the scene.

Beran seemed to have shrunk, collapsed in on himself. He was pallid,

bright-eyed with horror. "Why could we not have foreseen such an event?

We are as guilty as Bustamonte!"

"It serves no purpose to become infected with emotion," said Palafox.

Beran made no response. He sat crouched, staring into space.

The countryside of South Minamand fell astern. They crossed the long

narrow Serpent and the island Fraevarth with its bone-white villages, and

swept out over the Great Sea of the South. Then the moors and the Sgolath

crags, then around Mount Droghead to settle on the desolate plateau.

In Palafox's rooms they drank spiced tea, Palafox sitting in a tall-backed

chair before a desk, Beran standing glumly by a window.

You must steel yourself to unpleasant deeds," said Palafox. "There will be many more before the issues are resolved."

"What advantage to resolve issues, if half the people of Pao are dead?"

asked Beran bitterly.

"All persons die. A thousand deaths represent, qualitatively, no more

vitiates it by his arrogant stupidity. His tactics are inexcusable. He attacks when clearly his best policy is compromise."

"Compromise? On what basis?"

"He might undertake a new contract with me, in return for the delivery

of your person to the Grand Palace. He could thereby prolong his reign."

Beran was astounded. "And you would accede to this bargain?"

Palafox displayed wonder of his own. "Certainly. How could you think

otherwise?"

"But your commitment to me--that means nothing?"

"A commitment is good only so long as it is advantageous."

"This is not always true," said Beran in a stronger voice than he had heretofore employed. "A person who fails one commitment is not often
