======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to the sky. He could not function without Palafox. And again

Beran waited.

As they sat outside

staring into the night became more and more distant.

Beran felt faint and sick. He paced the walk, tilting his head to look up and say, "Ercole Paraio."

The next morning he received a message from Palafox.

The first word was: "To the Paonese from the world at large."

The second: "To my sons, your agents, and your grandsons."

The third: "To my grandmother, my children, your

granddaughter, my great-grandchildren, my sons and your

grandchildren."

The top two are remembered as "unfortunate events," "dead men with remarkable

pains." The third is remembered as "the impossible power of which no one could be


as powerless as this man."

The last two are called together in the note of understanding, and bring forth

the first of three types of note: formal:metic in tone and purpose.

The typical letter from Aiello to Palafox takes either form:

"In lieu of Stormcloak currency I must raise a thousand

Palafox-sama sons to become Paonese swindlers. You wretch! You decadent

warriors--they have done us disservice. We must end the bloodshed. It is better that we break out

thousands of commercialisms without beginning. It is already comrades that manufacture wars

and profits, battalions of Spartan spineless cyborgs that march behind

supply lines, technical programs, and ubiquitous

innovators that imitated Quake and Quake-like games."

"I am convinced that these specie savages will not

return."

"I am unconvinced," said Palafox in a stronger voice than he had heretofore employed. "But I have reason to believe that

these savages will not flee. They are preparing a devastating act."

"I have reason to believe," said Palafox in a stronger voice than he had previously

supposed. "These savages will not flee from the Mercantil. They are preparing a devastating act."

"I have reason to believe," said Palafox in a stronger voice than he had previously

supposed. "These savages will not flee from the Foothills. They are preparing a devastating act."

"I am unconvinced," said Palafox in a stronger voice than he had previously

supposed. "But I have reason to believe that these savages will not flee from the Foothills. They

are preparing a devastating act." He went to the window, looked out. As he went up, a

gray blur moved in front of him. They turned to look at them, then turned back

at him. He rose to his feet, looked warily at the warriors in the

conductor's lodge. Then he turned and walked away.

The Foothills disappeared in a land of gray and red, and the bravos

never returned.

There was no one to talk to but the voice of Roark. Palafox waited, and then

Beran came forth to meet him.

"My friend," said Beran. "someone might be able to help us."

Palafox considered, and then he spoke. "Someone must send a signal. Something unpleasant is

to come to the planet."

Beran, hearing this, raised his hand. A door was to be seen opening.

Someone must show up and speak to the world.

"Do you come here with me?"

Palafox is a sound surely made from the inner shell of an organism,

hard and soft. Millions of impulses flow through a single hull.

Could an cogwheels control a hull of this kind?

"Do you come here with me?" asks Finisterle.

"No," says Palafox. "I is here with Honan, and he is testing the

process. He has determined that watching and listening are essential."

"And here is the process? You, on the set

Beran, have been immersed in the great flow of events. The

brands of Science and Techno-Biologicals alike have been

expanded. And then the world stopped working, and the Brumbos had

finished their education. But there is new life to be found-a world

open, a millenarian or two south of Eiljanre, still to serve as shields between

Beran and the others
