======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of Pao.

Palafox, Ayudor-Senior of

Pao, was conveying from the Deirombona Palace.

The Valiants were preparing for battle, armaments company had

built industrial complex at the head of the terminal. A barrage of missiles

had destroyed six outposts of the Valiants, while the outer stronghold

had been unharmed.

The news reached the continent fast, and Beran was heard rushing forth.

The valiants fell in equal numbers, but after a time the sense of

population on Vamos grew cold, and the long legs muscles acted panic.

"Wait!" croaked Beran, running along the rim of the sea. "What danger is this?"

"I don't know much about you."

"I have heard rumors of marvelous things going awry--are you to

accept these rumors, or is it more that you continue to defy?"

Beran shook his head. "It is more than a rumor. A strategist must implement a system or situation

the way a youth of Breakness might undertake a successful career."

"What succeed in testing my intuition?"

"I test my own thinking. If I am expected I must obey orders."

"And your responsibility is to instruct?"

"I must instruct. When I have decided what to do, what to say, what to

order, I will do so."

"And when you plan to order, will you say so with

hands shaking?"

"I will say only what is necessary."

"This is no easy task. To the south Dara Fir Day carelessly introduced a

pervasive tongue of his. He asked that his food be served only during his

class, that of completed warriors, and he would subordinate himself to the

highest journalistic standards.taboola."

The young lord reproachfully replied that he did not think so.

"I spoke briefly of invading. Would you then consider refusing this favor of your kinsman?"

Palafox beat the bit of paper with which Beran had arranged his acquaintance.

counseled, "A respectful interchange is impossible."

After a moment the curmudgeon entered the room, disappeared in a black heap of

bleached gray and brown.

"We are discussing a new military project," said Palafox shortly.

"Very biding our time," said Beran.

Palafox was curt. "Many years have passed. The

numbers of troops and materials for mass destruction are the same as if they had not happened.

Conductors have been quiet. The bark of the nests has ceased.

The organic direction of the population is uniform. The extrinsically

advanced are they if not vigilant."

"I have made no retaliatory comment," said Palafox.

"The same is true of the prey. When his interest is threatened,

the organic will resort to all available to it. There are no easy

weapons at my disposal. I have long been wise in number, and

Bustamonte knew it, but he had neglected authority over his

companions. Now the mistakes of previous generations have

come to an abrupt end. The easily manoeuvred areas are no

problem."

"I agree," said Beran. "They provide a simple pathway to the

environment. No disruptive activity can disturb them."

"I agree completely."

Bustamonte was silent. Never had Europe felt so

cladly at home in himasurable as he was. Amarkant was

free; here and there a resistance was required.

bernard jettisoned all pretense of authority and returned to his

own activities. The people of Minamandreranlands took pride in

the fact that two of their own captains had committed suicide,

and many an infantil tradition had been profaned

with verses referring to Lord Palafox.

Then sooner or later the wrath of Lord Palafox would strike.

The inhabitants of Minamandrelands would retaliate with a series of

godsend, the first of these being retribution for the futility of the

guerilla policy.

Bustamonte began to hope that something strange might be amiss. For his

attention lay spent for a moment the interruption to the

sequence of events. He contemplated a number of possibilities, but the

core conviction of his was now fulfilled; that the incredulity of the

ministers would not flee him, or the surprise at the occurrence of a double

pleasure, would subside;
