======== SAMPLE 1 ========


Palafox grinned, "Come, I will take you to our secret

home."

"What is your name?" Beran demanded.

"Beran," Palafox said softly. "Tell me your name."

Beran froze. "Beran?"

Palafox reached out, took a fist. "Your name is Beran!"

for if you flee I will take you to my alone

home--or even to my wife."

Beran froze in his tracks; shook his head. "No, I have not fled--I am merely growing taller. When you seek me I will kill you."

"What do you do here on Breakness, so long as there is

time?" Beran repeated. "We are together no more than a mile. Bustamonte is coming--he

will cause no trouble here. We will go where?"

Palafox laughed. "If you look long enough you can see what is amiss. The roof is boiling, the

fungus is long dead. There is a great deal of decomposition, and nothing can be saved but ashes and

the bones of the creature which ate his father. We are now almost at

summer's end and the gloom is so thick that the wind can be heard.

"And why am I drawn to the Wind River?"

Palafox inspected Beran. "Why should I not? The solitude here is magnificent, the

expenses are sufficient--we can afford the lodging--and innkeeper here is

pleasant and acceptable."

"And the fine language is perhaps your most ingenious aspect."

"Why so, then? Yours--your great-nephew has spent an almost eternal

inefficiency on you. He has received from us nothing whatever of his

own volition--not even a shred of consequence would he not prefer

to result. He has made no pretense of interest, and readily acceded to

our purposes. He has satisfied none of his contractual obligations,

and will continue to do so. You should never find a male in

uniform more respectful of respect and gentlemanliness than Bustamonte.

"I count your number," said Palafox. "Three--three of my sons is dead. I

intend to fulfill your dreams of a thousand offspring. I wish to breed as many as

will serve you."

Bustamonte laughed. "Come, I will take you to the sea. But before I breed you, I must

convince you of the dignity of your claim. In a speech you will understand

plainness--you must believe me. I am not your man, you must believe

you."

Bustamonte made no response, and seemed instead to ignore him.

"I must do this," said Bustamonte. "There is urgency in the presence of a piper. The

corps must catch a glimpse of the dark craft of the future. Tomorrow, when the rays of

the sun hit the roofs of the cities, the bells of the villages, the whistles of the

ventrals, the hoarse calls of the men who had slain Panarch

Beran. All were men of little consequence, with insignificance only in

the eyes of the Paonese. They huddled together, sighed, bowed lopsided

lives, to the point of distal paralysis.

knew nothing of Bustamonte's intransigence. As he gazed docilely into the sky, a

man appeared and spoke in Paonese only. He spoke--come along.

Come along, I will take you to the sky.

The woman bowed and came walking with Bustamonte.

"Oh, Bustamonte, how happy we are!"

Bustamonte was silent. He went to the window, looked across

sitation pot. There was a faint hiss, a shrill whine, a hoarse

whisper, a clatter of metal.

Bustamonte went to the window and looked across Wind River. He was surprised to see

three men in brown and gray, shoulder-weapons pointed, fires burning on the

flame which monsoon foreshowed.

"We are in need of a moored quarter," said Bustamonte. "Bring weapons and provisions."

Conducts of goods were unnecessary. Once again the people of Wind River marched

against the barges; and if they resisted, crates were flung forth.

The black and white men threw stones at the control node,

then swung by the control room door.

The door opened; a woman in a
