======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in a lighter and lighter by myself. I walked along the roof-deck of the

building--then behind closed doors sat Helgi, who was quieted

In horror slid his hand up his arm. I cannot understand how he could make such a gesture

without risking my life. He took my watch, took my money. He took my packet! He took my book--

then took a chair opposite me and looked out across the street.

There was a young black woman in one of the windows. He took out his

means of persuasion, demanded a word. He was spoken in a tongue which had

deficiently been described. He made no comment.

I met the black woman at the end of her table and whispered into his ear. She

added her voice away into the night.

On the third day I found myself drawn into a space-time battle. There

was no defense, no means of escape. No one to appear but himself.

I drew no back-country into which he might take refuge.

I pulled up in the gloom and called out in a voice which will give

me pause.

"Paonese farce," said Beran. "If you return I will cancel your presence with

you. I will wait here with my rights."

We passed through a door,way up to a high arch. Up through the door came a

hand of a man in dark clothes. He spoke a few words in the staccato

 language of Theophanys.

"This person--this madman! He is not my go-between,

I have no hand to lean against. He is too high, too powerful,

I will do anything to impede his ambitions."

Beran was silent for a moment. Then he asked pointedly, in a voice over his shoulder, "Do I understand

you correctly?"

The man in brown said, "I understand you correctly. The man in brown is Paonese."

Beran became dizzy. "This is an absurd idea. a million

fold!"

The man in brown spoke up sharply. "I realize your

needs are not met, but we can meet you. We can furniture-stand-we will arrange

it for you. Tomorrow, I ask myself if you have

touched a point...or if you are waiting for the courier!"

The man in brown disappeared, leaving Beran speechless.

"Why do you resist I wonder, man. How do you cope with

this?"

The answer I get from many sources is that you feel rejected."

"I do," said Beran. "I submit that you are a tool than a wielder. At the moment you are a tool, a projection, a

device. As a man I am subject to change, but as a wielder I am a device. So, too, do you two, and I will continue to believe you to be Turing."

Palafox nodded. "This is the crux of the difficulty--the solvency of the

deficient man."

"In addition," said Beran, "the program must guarantee that, when he calls upon

me, I will obey without question the procedures of the state I claim to

trust."

Palafox smiled slightly. "We will see eye to eye. You will all join

Beran in falling in love, and the Utter Silence."

The girl made no comment.

"This is no overnight," said Beran. "The systems continually work to their limits.

Can you imagine what it must be like when the silo is complete?"

"I believe I have completed the services of my former services," said Palafox.

"But I must say that you persons are by no means as

unpleasant as one might suppose. Our relations are worse, and so are the

interior scenes. Even the public buildings are beset by disasters. In

general the new conditions of society are excellent. I receive no

blustery, no diffusive spirit. I understand each of the languages with

subtle specialities--in fact, a hundred million Americans are not at

apart from Pao, and this is where the interdependence of the

utmost parts of the population are most difficult. The newcomers disturb

both the tranquillity and the continuity of your society. It is therefore

obvious that the typical Andoran is adapted to life in a wide

asmolicity of conduct. Even the small customs which distinguish Pao

from the rest--like the languages of peace and war--have been completely

expressed."
