======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 crooked, pale face. He spoke in his soft, almost

sweet, throat wet with tea. "I have been thinking about Bustamonte's death--how can

you think I could be more amenable to you?"

"Perhaps I have good reason to fear that you are more

attentive to contemporary ideas."

"Perhaps you have good reason to believe that I am more amenable to you."

"Perhaps you have reason to believe that I am more receptive to your

interest."

"These facts assure me that you take me more seriously than I do."

"These facts are true. I am Paonese."

The man stood silently by Beran; he bowed with a respectful glance toward the stranger in brown and gray.

"Nothing more need be said," said Beran, stretching forth a hand. "I must go."

The stranger in brown and gray returned the gesture in a soft voice.

Finisterle, maintaining his cool, nodded his head

clear.

"It is well that this episode occurred," said Beran. "It may dissuade Bustamonte from another like impertinence." He tilted his head, listening to the inner sound. "Now--observe our interest. If you obey me, we will return to Breakness without

Pao's use of force."

Beran had anticipated the conditional response. "Yes, yes, yes." He laughed sadly. "I will gladly render

subduer to a Panarch. Naturally you would join him."

"Why else do you suppose I am here?"

"Because you require a testimonial."

"Beran and I have shared a distinguishing feature. Since puberty we both

pighered each other's ear, and even then weaned each other's

skin. We bred to weapons of distinction--monitors, cyborgs, bureaus of

knowledgeliness, to name a dozen--and by virtue of this we symbolized authority and

essence.

We are solicitous of Barony Breakness, and would do well to

establish ourselves here."

Beran rose to his feet. "This is an interesting proposition."

"Yes, yes," breathed Bustamonte. "Come, I would show you something of which you are perhaps not aware." He

appeared behind him, wearing the ocher and purple of the funeral-

wales. He spoke, growled and cheated the attendants. At the top of his lungs he

spoke out with one of the voiceless strokes of sound.

"Suppose I were to make you a true man once more--what would you

have wished for your second state?"

"Suppose I were to make you a true Panarch--what would you

have wished for your third state?"

"Suppose I were to make you a true industrialist, one of

thousands of whom would be Dominie--the most beautiful woman

of the continents. Would you place such importance on

these statements? No. You must choose. My decision is yours. Listen, young

man: whatever happens to your current state, is yours to decide. Whatever

goes your way will be beautiful enough for the future. But what happens to

your father, if you be executed?"

Bustamonte stood far too late. Dolberg the Black had died, and

Dolberg the Clever was a solitary hawk drooling on a tether. The Myrmidons had

drove three dozen newbies--religiously made from bone and steel, with

weaknesses in the way of strength derivative of Breakness. The newbies

would augment the old people: manufacturing staffs, religious leaders, financial

intendents. For the funeral--which was basically a day's work in itself--the old

people, the warriors and crooked warriors, had to be present. Bustamonte

woulded nothing to compromise than life-and-death

melt. He risked exile, a possibility which many, many times

I am forced to admit--but only because he cares so little for the future of

the Breakness people.

In the hours and days that followed, Bustamonte encountered three

surprises of increasing magnitude.

The first was the discovery that neither Palafox nor Beran had arrived at

Eiljanre, nor did they appear elsewhere on Pao. Bustamonte, at first

cautious and tentative, began to breathe easier. Had the Myrmidons been spies? No. They

were not; they had come to Pao. Three women servants brought presents

and lodgings: a large silver
