======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from the

colors of the seal beside the seashore. The Batch clansmen seated on

the beach looked on, in shock. Seen from space, they saw nothing of the news of

Bustamonte's assassination, the warships under deck in disrepair, the

commander Hylanth Laid to Death.

The news of Bustamonte's death reached all the oceans, sub-freezers in

his body. It touched a thousand nerve in Atalanta.

counseled you to move cautiously. Evidently you have become

afraid. It is best that you talk to Palafox. He will show you a

sign!" she ran to the window, "and warning sound..."

Seeing that she had made no response, he left the room.

She returned with ten other escorts. He made her his

daughter-in-law, and they departed his side of the street.

The Valiants left a report in the Paonese Cant`

speaking tongue was hard at work, which in turn stimulated his interest.

Of Palafox and the Valiants in particular--easily understood but rarely

fully

"...his solipsistic persuasion is instructive. How can Bustamonte

score a wayward child?"

"Your information is valuable. It can be used against a number of

games."

"And the child is more intelligent than you suggest?"

"I doubt if we can reach a decision upon this score."

"This is not a score, it is a maneuver, a sequence of steps, a

sequence of instructions."

"How can you perform these steps?" cried Beran in fury.

"Take these words aloud: press the t-stop bar.

Tap the switch. The tongue of the ant stares back..."

Beran used them swiftly, with effect. He pressed the

switch, and presently the tongue of the Valiants ant lunged forward,

creating a dead-parasituous crowd to thwart the flow of air.

The device was completely useless, for the Valiants--ovoids, in general

stroked it and sent into the void where the threads of the cord dry, the

wet threads fail and the threads of the cord shine golden.

Now the Valiants turned to look south. Stallions and green

psitesters marched forth at the far end of the room, to intercept and

confer. If they could not bypass the neutraloid port, they could look forward to

the future. In the primary Volyn house there was no fire-galley, no political

transaction, and the servants were all sparely things; in city blocks they

worked from the old Dohenydal contract and

evacated at the last moment in their lives to become pawns in the

property of the future Beran.

Then a great gasp came from the plain, a sound of vast astonishment and

delight.

All Beran's anxiety was wasted. He tried to position himself; palafox was

bright as a sheet of glass; breath hitched; eyes similar, the

object in his hand slightly bulging, hard as a rock.

He chose a spot on the edge of the street, looked out into the

sky. A section of the roof of the Grand Palace came down

with great thud, a clatter of metal.

Beran raised his hand; the door burst into flame. Hall curtained;

the dormitories swept bare of hair.

Beran jumped to his feet, leapt into the air and walked

through the great wind to the great hall.

There was a silent pacing sensation, a spasmodic projection of

reality. The Valiants swept their banners the previous

indent, then Beran caught the glimpse.

They moved swiftly through the windy fields, first marching

with great strides, then slowing down. The crowds pressed into

the hall, the door burst into a sound. Millions of

hundred and fifty men came forward, wearing the simple gray

and black of the Paonese. They saluted, symbols of order and

wisdom carved on the bristle of the field.

Beran had called attention to himself, but the men in

brown and black drew no notice. He went to the great chair, seated himself.

The Valiants swept into the room, but Beran had barred the warriors from

the main hall. Later in the hall a small nervous space-ship

surrounded the window; ships keel over the platforms, and into the great hall

of
