======== SAMPLE 1 ========
afa--a large white man in brown and gray--had found a

third planet, and began a year or two of indenture. The Beran

were civil, but there was tension. The Medallion should authority the school,

first Beran served as seaman for five years, then returned as a junior

seaman.

He maintained a library with many new essays upon topics as

well as he had back in Pao.

There was also a new book every day, composed in Eridu every day,

until it became obvious that it violated his peace to sponsor an

unintelligible activity.

He who owned this library must be of the oldest possible age

and hence could acquire almost all the weapons and privileges of a

Medallion. However, this was a difficult bargain. Forgence must be

impassioned, and until such time that your problems become more than

complicated, you risk looking the other cheek.

"I am a Beran," my father said. "I am Paonese. It is possible I am not. It is

unpleasant, and hence it is not worth while to fight us."

Beran laughed. "It is a small price to pay."

"I am Beran," said Myron to himself. "I will die for it."

Beran laughed again. This time he made no comment. As if on

renouncement, my father said, "The language is strange, and our language is crude. It is

truly ridiculous that a Beran should rule over us here on Pao."

"You come from a world of poverty and ignorance," said Myron. "Somebody sent you as a present, but you were too

piggy-pastic for it. It was as you say..."

"It is," said Beran in a bright over-vocal voice. "A genetic pattern was born. Now it is

evolved, and--in accordance with your will--we will serve each other. It is this special genetic

programme that ask not merely to become, but also military service. For the

 evolution of this program, see F. Anderlohe."

Beran was astounded. "How must this be? The Paonese will serve them--they will serve

them well. They will learn to accept responsibility, to think without fear, to

trust their own will."

"And to think without fear?" persisted Myron. "A false world, and you..."

"No, no," said Beran. "I want to return to Pao."

Your answer will be heard all over Pao. And if you return exactly like what

you said you would, but for the cost of a much-feared alliance..."

Beran rose to his feet, bowed in formal respect. He turned to depart,

hesitated, looked back. Meeting the black eyes, wide and burning, he felt

a great act of great glory.

Then he turned, leapt to his feet, strode back through the wind and

muselgray to the Grand Palace.

For some years Beran sat in his workbench in the library, patting the

bookshelf with one of his many heftless muscles. Then he went, moving through the

bookshelf, pacing the halls.

But the mood changed once he reached the desk. The chair was

offered, but Beran was won over to the fact that it was ultimately

the clerk's that received the lay of the business.

The note was CLOSED.

and, the note was stated, but the pattern of the numbers separated

from each other.

Finisterle drew his blade. "Undo this and past it; you will appear in

our hands only once--as an attunement to your Self."

No. 822 nothing to do; I have already begun.

He clicked on the flash of dials, faded images to his mind.

He looked up to find the clerk standing at the single

walled off exit, with his back to the reader.

Beran tried to speak, muttered to himself nauseatingly, but his

voice was husky and hoarse.

"It appears," said the clerk calmly, "that you bear no

 advantage in the favor of the prospective client. We will not entertain your

present arrangement."

No. 823 where the peer review will commence. You will

be responsible only for the costs of the research and development.

"And the students' policy forbids allocations below the poverty of

classroom?"

