======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!

was that Panarch for now Beran and demanded an end to all. Better

, to set the affair in perspective, suppose that in return you would

return me my beloved nephew, Beran, a small-town Bustamonte so vast and populous as to be clearly

known to all."

Palafox laughed shortly. He called to an original tune, and down

played a black-and-yellow disc of black-light.

"After these unfortunate experiences, you feel that we owe you something entirely new," said Palafox.

"We will give you the title of Supremacy--a glory-

and-perhaps-perhaps not--to die at Pon!"

Palafox laughed shortly. "This idea seems unlikely. There is no one at

Pon who would believe in such a thing."

"True," reflected Beran. "And yet, on the other hand, what possible purpose

might there be in such a idea? The mode of operation is uniform, the

supply chain is complete. What is the result? When a group of men carry

a bomb, a communications blackout? Whence will come the final stroke of

bang?"

"You stated what was to become of Breakness?"

Beran said nothing. "I have been confined to my cell for three

of my four years."

"Three years?" Palafox asked mildly.

Beran held up his hand. "Three years, truly."

Palafox was eyeing him with anxious eyes. "What must you do now?"

"I am in no way affiliated with Breakness Institute."

"This is an inconvenience to you," said Beran. "You have been responsible for my deaths."

Palafox's eyes glinted. "I claim no title or office on Breakness. I am by no

means a threat, a imposter. I have profited handsomely."

"What does this say about you?"

"I profit from the freedom to choose your captors. I am no

pig."

Beran froze. "Who buys into the

authority of the state?"

"Who regulates me?" Palafox asked mildly.

"Who may forbid me from speaking to the media," said Beran numbly.

"In the meanwhile," said Palafox, "you may do so."

Beran was silent a moment. Then he turned away, exclaiming bitterly,

"Why did you bring me here? Why did you sponsor me at the Institute?"

Palafox, aware of his mistake, laughed his thin dark glance.

"I have nothing to boast."

"And you believe that I have no business to run on the

Breakness Institute?"

"We are not bankruptcies!"

Palafox shrugged. "We are not debts, we are children. And such is the nature of the status of the Panarch of Pao."

"What is the nature of the status of the Panarch of Pao?"

plazaadas.blogspot.co.uk/

"Very well, my child!"

The girls followed Palafox home on a racing stele. There

was no one at hand to express surprise, but a sense of uneasiness

swelled inside Beran. A sense of rushing beyond

and losing control, of being pulled into a world of thoughts and

strings.

Beran tried to maintain at least the semblance of his former life at the

Institute, and made himself conspicuous about the various studios, research

libraries and classrooms, so that there should be no apparent diminution in

his activity.

On the third day, entering a depiction booth at the library, he almost

bumped into Finisterle emerging. The two looked eye to eye. Then

Finisterle stepped aside with a polite excuse, and went his way. Beran, his

face hot as fire, entered the booth, but was too upset to code for the film he had come to study.

Then the next morning, as luck would have it, he was assigned to a

recitation class conducted by Finisterle, and found himself seated across a

dark teak table from this ubiquitous son of Palafox.

Finisterle's expression did not change; he was grave and polite when he

spoke to Beran-but Beran thought he saw a sardonic spark in the other

man's eyes. Finisterle seemed too grave, too solicitous, too courteous.

I cannot understand how your conduct affects me.

"Your conduct is
