======== SAMPLE 1 ========
oids in his throat, grew lank.

"It will be mended!"

Beran ordered, the Cogitants came to a halt. A

war cry sounded in the plaza: Eban Buzbek!

The Medallion Warriors carried the shields of the Myrmidons, but against

the most specific use would be the disinterest of the bronze riders.

Instead they carried the Cogitants across the Grand Littoral, across the

fountain of Valoran, across the green island Fraevarth to the

citadel of Zelambre Bay.

The Cogitants landed in Eiljanre Bay, settled on the beach within sight of the Grand Palace.

The Cogitants departed the city, making their way back to Eiljanre.

There, covered with moss, they encountered no hostile presence. They

exchanged emphatic whispers, thenéraans; and so the night marched. The

cavalry neighed and the land russhed and the houses of Gitan Netsko and

Gitan Netsko became two completely separate continents. Then the blue oceans

wounded me, dulled my sense of smell.

The Cogitants sank to their tiptoes, sank further and further down the

Palace. Nothing could ameliorate the tug of war except brigands and

ornamentals.

The greater number, however, were in fact Technicants. The

voucher over their battle-ready weapons, the lighter they clipped into

flotilla cargo. At the end of two years Beran was transferred to

Dierombona on Shraimand, where a multitude of infants, heirs to five

thousand years of Paonese placidity, had been immersed in a plasm of

competitiveness. Many of these were now only a few years short of

manhood.

Deirombona was the oldest inhabited site on Pao, a sprawling low city

of coral block in a forest of phaltorhyncus. For some reason not readily

apparent, the city had been evacuated of its two million inhabitants.

Dierombona Harbor remained in use; a few administrative offices had been

given over to Valiant affairs; otherwise the old buildings lay stark as

skeletons, bleaching under the tall trees. In the Colonial Sector, a few

furtive vagrants lurked among the apartment blocks, venturing forth at

night to scavenge and loot. They risked subaqueation, but since the

authorities would hardly comb the maze of streets, alleys, cellars, houses,

stores, warehouses, apartments and public buildings, the vagrants

Technicants of Zelambre Bay and the Cogitants of Zelambre

Bay, the two most northerly terminus of the Brumbo line,

continued their voyage north. On Shraimand, they ventured south,

cavorting with the alien wind.

The population was small, barely more than servants. They were quartered in

magnificent white shacks, generally open until eight in the morning.

The wind whirred and the birds flew wide, but, for the time, the

warships hovered above the praetor ranks. In the exile villages of

the region, the Silent service academies were established and

were given the rank of Auxiliary. Girls and boys alike

wore maroon coveralls and cloth caps, studied and worked with adult

intensity. After hours there were no restraints upon their activities,

they were allowed to study and do their work time and again

indicated their worth.

A group of eight-year students, taking courses in organizational behavior,

exercised different types of group behavior, such as rearranged

roles, bunkers, dormitories, and play areas. They also

hustled for hours on end, tinkling their way and glancing back at the

master, the familiar tinkling noise disappeared.

The students lived on the beach within easy walking distance of each other.

Each student was responsible for the use of his own quarters, and was trained to

use them comfortably.

The students wore similar uniforms and gear to the best of our knowledge.

However, when necessary, he would do so in a manner more formal. He

watched from a distance, listening to what hisvocations might be.

A person should never feel entitled to any special advantage. The

Paonese government, in this or any future case," said Palafox slowly. "You
