======== SAMPLE 1 ========
um's eyes did not flick.

"He has been controlling the students," Morncock contrived. "There have been isolated rapes, political

crimes, likeist mullet or penny-a-dozen. But these are

not His Britannic Majesty's business. I will not attend your

Beran's funeral. I have arranged a number of other

certifications--better, of course, than this one. I will be your ward for

gestures, a papal ring. Would you accept such a proposition

at the Grand Marshal's homecoming?"

Beran shook his head. "I do not plan to accept these tests at

Thee. At the Grand Marshal's behest I have arranged that a representative of

Pao"* arrive here. He signaled to Beran that if they chose, they be allowed to

speak to Bustamonte. Beran agreed; and when they returned to Pao, the two were taken

 to the Institute.

At the Grand Marshal's appointment, Beran took Beran to the pavilion. There

was a sound at the door. A man came in. He bowed; Beran heard

him. He bowed, and presently entered the hall.

He signaled to Beran. "Come.are you ready for the main

series of events that take place during the next two years?"

Beran was silent.

"I come as soon as opportunity presents itself."

"Show me your face," said Palafox.

Beran drew a deep breath. "Come."

They entered the hall, and there was no one at hand.

Beran came forward. Palafox leaned forward in his chair. "You are Paonese; you do not

interfere with our affairs."

"I have lived on Breakness for eight years. I am happy. But when you demand I am not obedient, then what?"

"I am not docile!" roared Palafox. "I will obey

name and office! If you demand the nature of my

abuse, you violate my privacy. I will reply to you head- on falsehoods and

spoofs. Then, after warning you, I will break out the last of

paonese

spoof."

"The last thing I would do is appear to be nervous, and would-

 I would give my life for the cause. Suppose you convinced a certain number of persons of your

identity, Bustamonte would win a thousand roubles. I would not undertake

your ambitions."

"What would you undertake?"

"I would no longer be Paonese. Everywhere I went, people

were different--my skin grew darker, my ears keeler. They passed through my

garments, into my now-dead body. I could not walk again.

Beran said, "Come at your own risk."

Three months later the Batch clansmen attacked Pao. A fleet of twenty-

eight destroyers, including six refits, delivered thirty-

three million marks. The Batch numbers were dwindling, the reprisals uncertain.

The Valiants likewise ceased the mass program of

elastic thought. Their plans for sub-space flight were now

imprintable inside my own head.

I can move past Pao, but I will not move from here. I

will remain here; I will be transported there by some alien force."

Beran sat rigid, in control of his heart and soul. All

were tense and dark.

"You plan to build a

hereditary state."

Beran said, "I will describe. You will sow

through the lands, you will breed through the heart of the

people. Those who utter the rumor will be molded into

the Mamarone. Then all Pao would be different."

Beran ceased, nodded slowly. Finisterle spoke back in a soft

peculiar voice. "You sow not many, but a great many."

"But you do not understand me," Sigil Paniche said gravely.

Beran regained his composure and said in a carefully passionless voice, "You do not

 understand me, you bastard. I am not your lord. I am merely his sire.

You have been inherited without a trace of infamy. Here is the

obduracy of my reason; I do not care to learn another

language. Come, you are agreed to this agreement. I will teach you something

new, stimulating and instructive. Do you

agree?"

Beran shook his head. "Not
