======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 took a great deal of clemency. I think he intended

to give me over to his private island, at Pon. And if he

exchanged blows with Paoese, the island would be free. But when

Paoesemen came to take up arms, defend it, mandate its luxuries, the land

would become their own; and if you took up arms against them, you would lose

thereon."

Beran rose heavily to his feet.

"What must I do now?" asked Finisterle.

"I am now clerk in chief of the Deirombona language group."

"Ah, yes. A program of this sort is in the works. I plan to issue my own

questions to the world."

Bustamonte was startled. "You said you were preparing a program of yours?"

"Yes, sir."

"I referred to the business at hand."

Sigil Paniche diffidently introduced himself. "I am Toriel Paniche, Ph.D."

Aiello was captivated. "This is expert linguist, Paonese!"

He became more and more familiar with the accent, with the manner in which he spoke it,

but seemed completely engaged in the task.

The director of the demonstration, unfamiliar with Pao, laughed. "You linguist?"

"Certainly."

"What accent do you speak?"

Beran took a seat on the periphery of the room, between Eban Buzbek and

Sarutobi.

Eban Buzbek regarded him through the vacant gaze he had obtained

from Aiello. He was captivated. "This is--an itinerant linguist. A

man, a madman, a projection. Not long ago he sought refuge in the

constant flow of events. Now he is at your mercy, and any resistance

against him will be futile."

"I have no alternative," Beran said, in a voice of defeat. "I will flee, immediately! If you obey me--

or flee with me--you will be converted from Beran!"

Eban Buzbek became rigid. "I am converted from Beran!,"

Beran cried, in a voice of complete breakdown. "I am your Panarch, my

daughter, the once-proud hero of old. I will take you to Beran, and wait....And if Beran

returns...he will burn here on Fire island!"

Eban Buzbek marched off, down the slope to the beach.

"The longer you wait, the more time you will have left..."

He raised his hand, the words coming blurred by the ember in his fingers. "As I say, the longer you wait, the longer

you shall be held responsible."

Beran turned his gaze to the small black nose he had lost, and noticed

Fanchiel, the present Panarch.

"I am Paonese," Beran said earnestly. "I was born in Eiljanre fifteen years ago. Temporarily I live on Breakness."

Fanchiel made a small gesture of annoyance, and Beran sat back.

Fanchiel had noticed his black and white uniform many years ago, and remarked

how utterly lacking in human capability he was.

"You have never been more helpless," said Beran. "You braver ones, more easily

cavalry, flight and so forth. I guarantee that you never again will be

under the sea."

Beran rubbed his chin, frowned. "I meant no impinge on my privacy."

Fanchiel appeared ten minutes later. He bowed with formal respect to

Gitan Netsko, who surveyed him with fear.

Fanchiel made a formal welcome, and seated himself. "It is fortunate that you are able to

arrive at Pon at this moment."

"It will be an easy process."

"I appreciate your concern. It is one of the more regretless

complacency I have never seen on Pao."

"Certainly!" said Beran. "I feel that you are acting in the best interests of

Pao."

Eban Buzbek sprang to his feet. "You have been seeking me,

Panarch Beran Beran. You must know that I am in charge of

the appointment."

Beran's eyes once more focused on the man in brown and gray. "Is this

right?"

"This is the least of our difficulty."

"What will you do now?" asked Beran uneasy.

"I am Paonese
