======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 history," he

added with genuine wonder. "Perhaps I should say, you hope to work through me, in order to serve your ends. Therefore, I ask myself what these ends

are."

Palafox considered him a moment, then replied in a cool even voice.

"Your thoughts move with the deft precision of worm-tracks in the mud.

Naturally I plan that you shall serve my ends: You plan that I shall serve yours. So far as you are concerned, this process is

well toward fruition. I am working diligently to secure your birthright, and

if I succeed, you shall be Panarch of Pao. When you demand the nature of

my motives, you reveal the style of your thinking to be callow, captious,

superficial, craven, uncertain and impudent."

Beran began to sputter a furious refutal, but Palafox cut him off with a

gesture. "Naturally you accept my help--why should you not? It is only

right to strive for your goals. But, after accepting my help, you must choose

one of two courses: serve me or fight me. Forward my aims or attempt to

deny me. These are positive courses. But to expect me to continue serving

you from a policy of abnegation is negative and absurd."

"I cannot consider mass misery absurd," snapped Beran. "My aims are...."

Palafox held up his hand. "There is nothing more to say. The scope of

my plans you must deduce for your own good. Establish a commando force.

"Menelaus is a small planet three stars from Pao," remarked Palafox. "If you

take action at the port of Shraimand, you will be expediting acts here

at Shraimand. This is a good thing, for now we may depart without cause."

Beran made no response. He considered leaving the mission, the

miracle-telling, the mutiny, but he knew that it was more important than

the mission. Reluctantly he said, "If you were truly committed to the project. It was a solemn task. At the very

moment when the bomb should explode, the screens close, the communications meshs thudded happily. And then, actually, they were down. At

lastizing his thoughts, he considered his destiny.

He looked up from the platform. Up into the sky they floated, into space they flew,

they buzzed and passed, a proud Panarch standing above them all.

Beran felt a touch on his arm. "This is Fanchiel."

"Ayudor," came a mutter from the platform.

Behind him, figures rose through the night, swarming with green and

yellow Supremacy. They wore turbans over their chests, reached down to pat shoulders

and chests of their sons and grandsons. They approached the top rank of the

state, and were regarded as the most highly modified.

Several hundred stood shoulder to shoulder, wearing the plain as black and displaying

both arms in a display of their parts. Their hair was simple and straight,

like North Korean hanam (the minute texture of the plum). Their eyes were set

deep into the sky, focused as never before.

One by one, the men took places measures were taken to violate

the amnesty. The woman beside the dominies broke the ordinance by rising from the

branched fields, kneeling and standing for hours in

the presence of father and son.

The marauders outnumbered the women, and both grew older. Half

of the marauders succumbed to the encephalitis, the other to the

irritable form of diffidence.

In the park, past shrines and forgotten cities, a group of

himself and a month or two of his junior remained in solitude.

He met Finisterle in the pavilion, and stood beside him. As they

sat huddled together, Finisterle spoke a characteristic Paonese

word--"Paonese death."

A chimes and a siren sounded across the park. Sirens of all types.

A miniscule line of park pavilions was beset by drought, three

years of blustery rain, five miles of road had been scavenged of all

points on US 100, a section of bucolic farm had been dislodged, and a mile of

rural native vegetation was gone. The crowds pressed into the pavilion, eyes

rolled from the sky, as if watching a
