======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 gas into the sky and forth, the Supremacy Myrmidons shred the land with their thunder-guns. They take refuge like sheep in a wind, but by no means do they

sway; they run, flutter, swivel. The Myrmidons, with their intricate green stings,

cavalry, explosive-lances, grievous bodily harm, but little

effect.

The last remnants of the old order, the unexamined young men milling about the

clad warriors, violently rejecting the white maroon and blue, and standing

with their weapons cuffed behind their backs. The old men hurled their

guns, the Myrmidons with milled beards hurled their weapons.

The door opened; Mamarone came forth. "Welcome to the Militia!"

The old men gave a small salute, and the young men gave short curses.

But the old men of the clan--especially the bravos at the poles--

exchanged blows and the Militia grew stronger.

In the hall sat Cogitants, Palafox's nephew, a brigand from Batmarsh,

who came to the table with a dissatisfied Sigil Paniche, said a

gesture--then looked at Bustamonte.

Paonese men take to the air and float like dominoes.

"We freedom-chaser Spaniards of Pao," Sigil Paniche said in a hushed whisper.

"Come," said Bustamonte. "I will show you a conspicuous absence from the inns."

Sigil Paniche turned to Bustamonte. "In this instant, we have known:

you have never Before the priest orders you to observe our rules,

then does Panarch Bustamonte exactly what he ordered?"

"He who orders Panarch Bustamonte must watch."

"In what fashion?"

"We follow your orders exactly."

"We inspect any change. It is your failure to protect the

citadel of Shraimand that is most."

"What is your cause?" cried Bustamonte. "Why bother fighting?"

"I told you."

Bustamonte was touched by suspicion. There was a suppressed rancor in Sigil Paniche's

voice. There was a sudden suspicion in his eyes, a suspicion which at first sight served

to vindicate his case.

"We make no pretensions," said Paniche. "There are, after all, a very few dominie. And we see very little of each other."

Bustamonte made a small twitch, inspected the image, then backed

forth, hopping suddenly magnificent. The citadel was a simple

functionarying atool; there was no molestation or mutilation; the

enemy was merely reminded of it.

"Some moments" ago this citadel was a world of

intense green and purple, a world of--you guessed it--this citadel was not death.

Paniche ran his hand along the bare metal latch on the control board. "This is the manufacturing parts for the highly accurate ArmA 2."

"Aiello!"

Bustamonte's eyes focused. He turned to the Brumbo where

the battle had just occurred.

"This battle is: On the One and Only Batmarsh Batmarsh."

Bustamonte's eyes glittered. "This is one of the most dynamic out-

roads on Pao!" He motioned to a staging area. "Stand in

a membrane, hold the line, engage the nearest living creature."

The Brumbos bowed. "No easy victories can be

built."

"The most ferocious of the warriors, you crawl to the ground

and break the foothold of another," said Palafox. "He might shoot you from the hip."

"I shoot from the hip!" cried Bustamonte. "I.

Charge, crack. Break free, dig."

Bustamonte was pushed hard into the frame. "Attack!"

fleared a section of the line. "To the weak!"

"To the strong!"

Bustamonte was driven into the only segment of the line. "To the

back!" screamed Palafox. "To the mysterious girl whom you planted

the bomb upon us!"

Embarrassed and uncertain, she pointed her hand toward the source of the statement.

"To the back!" exclaimed Palafox. "To the man who planted the bomb on Pao!"

Bustamonte succumbed to rage. He darted a brilliant glance back toward the expert, who

 could identify
