======== SAMPLE 1 ========
But they all came down for Battle of the Brno Plaguelands. Never before had there been so many men against so easily.

During this time there was no discovery made at the site,

no human habit was observed for a week after the fact.

Curious as to what had happened, Beran made no immediate effort to discover

the cause of Beran's presence.

On the basis of these and other reports he that observed might be relied upon.

Bustamonte, aroused by personal uneasiness, found no other means to

advide himself above the usual channels of personal uneasiness.

He established himself as an elder Cogitant, and submitted to the

dedication of his five children. On the second day, sensing a possible excitement,

he discovered a corps of his own. He rode down the slope of Blue Mountain to a post

corporated of more than one hundred offices. This elevated his prestige beyond

the ranks of his immediate families.

Seemingly on the verge of breakdown, Bustamonte persuaded himself that

his lucky break of fifteen years might help him secure a promotion.

The next morning he was received in the ubiquitous pomp of our

ordinary homes, and received, in spite of the Paonese accent, the sound of

his argument. Without further ado he entered his headquarters, and, leaving

the numbers of his office on the table, time, as he said, flew by.

There he was, an instant later, out of order, down a line of admirals

engaged him in farewell-woebegone jest.


"Do you have anything to announce to us?" asked Bustamonte.

Beran slowly walked the line of officers, deeming everyone inside suspicious.

Then he saw the code word for "counsel."

Beran returned to his bunk without further explanation.

At this moment a giant squid-gray monster - or rather, I turned

I am an Erected Mountain, as Bustamonte called it!-exposed to laser

force, struck out at the front of the line, died.

ager insisted on further explanation. Clearly the monster had been disassembled

and the survivors brought before the magister.

The inquisitor made a logical observation: that is, an order

producing exactly one instance of the expression--in other words, every single instance of the exercisein'. factory, as

Bustamonte put it, was "a set of set procedures to enable the

Technicants to proceed where they chose."

Beran took no active part in his inquiry, which in all likelihood was

investigation, merely an acknowledgement that he was not in the best-

forbid, as he put it, "to his immediate appointment."

As if surprised, he contradict himself. The order had been prepared

with the most detailed forethought."

said the order,"concern yourselves, concern yourself with other matters ...."

Then the effect."

Beran sprang out foot-axle, ran for the exit.

He can hardly have anticipated the surprise he would receive when his

expression: 'ignorance' was mentioned.

The Technicants continued their disruptive march, increasing in style and intensity.

weighed all: the premature ones, the bitter and the free

most, the leisurely a backwardness suffocated the population; bilinguals

especially increased the number of posts, the lower the attainment,

the lower the price: rancor's sting broke free, released the strong,

the lucky few out of the slump, and brought the rich into the better

of the old order.

between noon and 2:00am, an unknown number of wizards, seers, pack-men, sparrows and mistresses (fours and a

Bg.), descended on the Festival Plaza. They wrapped umbrellas

around the necks of the attendees, put wizard marks on the arms of the

retired attires, bound and gurneyed to the original sex.

As the sleight of hand of the Brumbos neared an end, the wizards brought dynamite pipes

into the main hall, connected the water pipes in the tapestry in the

laundry room.

Two miles away, a group of the clansmen halted in front of a

floors-cube. They motioned to a red, white and blue robe, color

swiveled it with a flick of the wrist. The wizards wrapped

them behind their waists.

Minutes passed; then three: a pause, then three: the

third
