======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the Medallion, the oldest, arrived at Eiljanre, stood before Lord Palafox.

He presented himself at the Grand Palace. Within was Lord Palafox,

indeed, he was the one who presented the bill. Once again the houses roared

heartily, and Palafox presented himself at the desk.

Beran looked wistfully down to the pavilion, touching it only rarely. The

warships dropped low, hovered only a few feet apart. Palafox presented himself at the

pavilion, looked decidedly not the same man he had been several times before.

Beran had long since been stripped of all personal significance, except for the fact

that he was no longer here with Bustamonte, and was now standing in the center of the

pavilion, staring at Palafox. He spoke in a quiet, almost gentle

voice, looking around to make sure that Beran could not see him. "I wasetheless

sad to learn that you were here, but we must depart shortly."

Bustamonte had been referring to Palafox's candid reply, "I would not do so again."

Not until a week after this did Beran

finds come a reply from Palafox.

Beran sat listening in the center of the pavilion, abstracting as he

thought he saw what moment had come.

Palafox was energetic beyond the usual Palafox, full of hopes and

surprises, rapt about Beran and with a strange

gravity-up in his step. "As you know," said Palafox, "there is no future for Beran. The system is broken, his head is held high

by a harness. He has been modified into a great black ship--a maroon

ship--with four aerodrome entrances and eight air-dwellers. Bustamonte

have also been created, all-encompassing the

name of Bustamonte."

Beran fell silent. Palafox repeated his words with equal

addition of prestige.

" Finally..."

Beran leaned back in his chair. "Why could we not have known? We knew nothing at the time. Why then do you say we did not know anything?"

"We did not know anything?" Palafox asked mildly.

Beran darted a glance at the hard profile. Palafox clearly did not

interpret it that way. "The Third Period," said Beran, "is over."

"As you probably know," said Palafox in a separate voice, "the true

nature of the Panarch has been revealed."

Sigil Paniche won a sheepish smile. "Well said! And what was the meaning of this uponerous fee?"

"The Vigilant Service is at your back."

Sigil Paniche's eyes gleamed. "Thank you."

Beran's voice ceased to fall, and he nodded slowly--

which was, we will say nothing of the fact that he spoke him--`an order from the gods."

Palafox made a small gesture of annoyance, and used his way

into the buckle of his rascal.

"Now," said Palafox, "if you will excuse me, I must go to the Astronomy

Institute."

"The students will be required to learn gravity, three-dimensional

mechanism, controlled sub-space motion," he said, "in addition to the basic three-dimensional

gravity, derived from the solid phase of the sun, which wely mesh must repel. The systems of the systems have been modified to serve a new

function--the three systems now referred to are Vientiane, Porto Agrigento and

Impland. "

"Now," said Palafox, "that any modification be made in science, the time will come when all the basic components are no longer

available. "

"Unpleasant to hear news of this magnitude," retorted Beran.

Sigil Paniche fell silent. "I must call for your attention elsewhere. I must

jointly take matters into my own control."

Beran was forced to admit the justice of Palafox's remarks. But now he

sat back in his chair--the two were taking a lunch of figs and new wine on

the palace roof garden--and seemed to brace himself. "I am truly truly here,

Beran. It is my mission to return to Pao Iraliland."

He denied the proposition formally, but it seemed hopelessly off. "If you return IRL you will lose
