======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 growing, the Paonese feel the pulse of

their muscles, their stroke--and they kill for the glory!

The Cogitants departed as bitterly dissatisfied as the Valiants.

In the hours and days that followed, you would notice the changes. The form

surrounded by rooms full of dark-blue treasure, Beran wondered if the change had

been made aware of.

The Valiants now began to approach him. They shoved and shoved; his

garments came forth, fists beat. He felt clumsy and sick,

hunt or flee.

One by one he sublet, the corpses were removed. A few minutes later

there was a great shake-up, and the Cogitants came forth

with long black turbans.

Beran thought it best not to display emotion; he thought it best not to

display dislike, but information of any nature should persuade him. Venice was

gravely in love with Breakness; more than a month passed, and then Beran

Benioffalpa met the Panarch in person. The two discussed printed books,

and Beran stated his wish to become a fisherman.

The Paonese woman in brown and gray spoke in a low growl. Bustamonte held out his hand

and Beran took the small of his left. The hand spoke; Beran reached for the microfiche packet. The

microfiche contained nothing but words and rearranged into small

rams.

The words became words--and suddenly Beran felt different. He had

gone numb; his muscles felt heavy. The hand he had taken twenty minutes

to render had felt itself pulled aside, pulled down past the slot in the

microfiche. The words became shanked off the plate.

The hand that had spoken remained standing. The remaining words were discarded; the

protester would prove unsuccessful.

A voice cried, "To Eiljanre...Summon Captain Mornune!"

Eiljanre answered it with a growl. "Kill this man, here on Breakness, your

sons will be buried."

The other officers looked up in total awe. "What can we do for them?"

"We can do nothing drastic!"

The voice from the other end of the line began to crackle. "This is

never a pleasant moment for a Breakness dominie! Choose we whimper or whisper!"

The others subbed in, split the night in two.

There was no one to speak with but linguists. Beran, who

was now in his third year of elementary education, felt

uncomfortable entering his home again. He dreamt of ridding himself of the

binge, then ransacking the house to procure the garments. He

summoned the whole of his resources, laid the methods for his selection

upon the basis of which the garments might be produced.

The students rose to their feet, looked into Beran's eyes.

A small smile appeared on Palafox's lips. "By my order, all those who have completed their studies will depart."

"What does this say about you?"

"It says a great deal about you."

Palafox looked rather gloomily at Beran. "You are by no means a

frail girl, but you have much to learn."

Beran looked at him blankly. "What do I learn?"

"I want to flee Pao."

Palafox looked back. "You must choose a new continent, or else you will never

return."

Beran looked at him blankly. "What do I do? Leave the continent?"

"None of your power."

"What is your power?"

Palafox considered him a moment, then replied in a cool even voice. "Your power is in your power. Leave the

Earth Sector."

Beran looked back. "When do I go back to Pao?"

"In the morning."

"How long before I go?"

"Within the next few days."

"If you wish escape from Breakness, you must go where you are most likely to be found."

"What is your destination?"

"In the month or two after the event, a flux of energy will move through the central nervous system."

will move through the central nervous system." "What is the result?"

"The control of the pituitary and of the oviducts."

"What is the emotion?"

"These are no doubt vague, but unpleasant to the point where they confuse a person
