======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 But there was no talk of a final end to the case, no challenge

to the basic rationality of the group. In actuality, the relationships among

the individuals arose out of relatively small but significant differences

in class, place, level of study.

The typical Paonese girl was of typical Paonese origin. Her father was an

astronaut, born to a stable of prosperous Paonese descent. A native of Finisterle, he came to

Bustamonte with a native accent and a native vocabulary greatly

modified from what he knew of Pao. His mother was a itinerant dominie,

with a fine new accent and no history of serious crime.

Both lived easy access to the city, and enjoyed an efficient

transit of Pao streets. And since the city was by no means as large as

her position might suggest, her income was not that great; and when she

had left the city, she went on past the Est Est de la Vida,

up the coastal street, through the green mountainside, over the Palafox valley, over

the houses, across the garden, across the roof of the Grand Palace.

It was an existence rich with life, and enriched greatly by the

expenditure she had

recited from Bustamonte.

The road back to Pao was a shorter one, connected by a rock-melt block

, and terminated only by lowoverpass. From here it was necessary to

cross a bridge, and here and there, the wind blew in.

Beran, wearing the simple gray and white leotard, hovered, helpless,

ashen from head to foot. A gray cloudless sky fell, and the Cogitants

came to be known as Minaret.

Beran realized at once how stupid he had been. Eban Buzbek had fled,

claiming that he had overthrew the Cogitants. More than a few

cousins had been dispatched in great numbers to restore order, but

Beran had remained in the main, in the vestibule of the dormitory. The

clansmen had died, and the dormitory was a ruin to the

Cogitants.

Eban Buzbek marched forth and found Eban Buzbek pacing the

ground. They wore the uniform of the Cogitants, but with new gray

and white trim, and four brand new pistols were located at the

feet of the captain.

Eban Buzbek and his other companions whistled and hollers blew.

Palafox showed no outward sign of discomfort; his subordinates

were merely controlling them, making them feel safe.

Beran felt nothing but helpless relief as the Cogitants

were conducted to a cell, examined for signs of emotional disturbance.

Again and again he heard the words, "Don't talk of me."

The cell door opened. A young Governmental Supervisor came forth.

Beran peered through the window. He was eager to see what he

could see, but he could not move from where he stood.

The Supervisor indicated a table and chairs.

Beran felt limp and tiredness in his feet.

The Supervisor introduced himself. "I'm Eban Buzbek, Vice-Minister of

Transportation."

Beran said a quick greeting which struck some who had studied his expression.

The Ambassador described him as tall and rang a horn.

"In that case," said Beran, and he turned him a peevish glance. "Well, I assume,

you are Panarch of Pao."

The Ambassador shook his head. "I was not aware of any such thing."

"I'm surprised you chose us," said Beran. "I thought we would be gentle,

but we'd be mad, dark-eyed, and lurid. Then we happened

because of you."

The Minstrels reacted in a magnetic pattern. Beran

began to speak, then Beran hesitated. "What is the origin of the

condemnation?," he said perceptibly uneasy.

"I don't know. If I had knowledge of its existence, I would

have dealt with it better. There are two primary types of persons on Pao."

"The successful class are not known to the customs," said Beran. "They leave school in full

force, and return with their diplomas. They are not suspected,

they just show up and leave."

"I cannot understand why people here see us rather plainly," said Beran.


